This provides a mechanism to capture the increased land value.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but now extends to our State capitals as well.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is focused on providing affordable healthcare for the poor.
He said that on the lines of the 115 aspirational districts identified by NITI Aayog, States can define their own parameters to identify 20 percent of the total blocks in the State as aspirational blocks.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institution for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
The Government and the opposition – both are putting forth their view points.
“A grateful nation salutes our valorous air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
And, what was the main focus of all these great men?
He dedicated the first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Factory to the nation.
We both are democratic countries filled with diversities.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for devotees coming for the Ardh-Kumbh.
If the world has to grow as a whole,there has to be a mutually supportive relationship between producers and consumers.
I am confident that the business partnerships that they forge will enhance the level and momentum of our commercial engagement.
Saddened by his demise.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us.
Forts are symbols of our heritage.
It is also very heartening to see that the United Nations has come forward as a partner in this entire process.
He said it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
The Bharatmala scheme is aimed at improving road connectivity by constructing national corridors and highways.
The poison of casteism and communalism can never benefit the country.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has brought millions of people into the banking system.
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of minority welfare schemes under the Union Government.
I will be meeting with President Sirisena, Prime Minister Wickremesinghe and other eminent dignitaries.
We also need to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
Thus, it becomes clear that our younger generations still care for the brave heroes of our ancient past, its heritage and history.
If anybody thinks that not going to a place will prolong their CM tenure and visiting a place will curtail it, such a person does not deserve to be a Chief Minister, the Prime Minister asserted.
Responding to a team that is working to create rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where everyone has equal opportunities.
He expressed happiness that States are now organising investor summits.
He added that this shows India can take big decisions and implement them swiftly.
In India,as in most emerging economies, our challenge is to grow horizontally as well as vertically.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
It is realising it’s true potential and people’s aspirations are being fulfilled at a record pace.
India will work with other partner countries and stakeholders to build a coalition or centre for promoting disaster resilient infrastructure in the region.
While speaking on Shri Pranab Mukherjee he said, “Pranab Da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
In fact, May 1857 was not only evaluated as a minor historical incident but was also an attempt to dent our self-respect.
Singapore entities have become major partners with India in areas like urban development, planning, smart cities and infrastructure development.
He said Adi Shankara had united India, through the Vedas and Upanishads.
Leading financial agencies have shared their optimism about India’s growth as well.
The Air Force also retaliated befittingly in 1965 too.
Luckily I got another chance to celebrate Deepawali with our courageous and brave heart security personnel.
A number of importantbills beneficial to the youth and the backward classes were passed during this session.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Mariyappan Thangavelu on winning gold and Varun Singh Bhati for the bronze at the Rio 2016 Paralympics.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia’s unconditional support to India on the issue of cross border terrorism.
The setting up of a Chair on the Paika Rebellion, in Utkal University, Bhubaneswar, was announced.
For this, they require specialized arbitration lawyers.
The grid is part of Government’s plan to provide cheap and quality gas to the entire North East Region.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) for entering into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) in relation to Mutual Co-operation.
He commended their dedication towards education and for making it their life mantra.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Not only me, whole India and whole South Africa is eager to listen to the thoughts of the Hon’ble President.
It will benefit both countries.
The 1.25 billion people of India are keen to welcome the ASEAN Leaders as our Chief Guests at India’s 69th Republic Day Celebrations.
In this context, I extend hearty greetings to F.S.S.A.I for this initiative.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of preserving the “spirit” in the cooperative movement, which he said is still largely intact in the rural areas.
Over the last three years, we have worked very hard on the front of Ease of Doing Business.
Regardless of the nature of business, Consumer satisfaction should be the prime motive.
We favor the same approaches to ensuring peace and security and shaping a global architecture that reflects cultural and civilizational diversity and at the same time strengthens unity of humankind.
It will add tremendous strength to our strategic defence.
The Prime Minister stressed on the need for an institutional arrangement that enables excellence in sports.
Chhath festival is associated with the worship of the sun, rivers and ponds.
Resolution of Public Grievances has also been reviewed in 17 sectors.
His was a life devoted to alleviating suffering and removing injustice from society.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the cyclone-affected States through a package of relief measures.
The two leaders will attend a public function to mark the commencement of work of India’s first high-speed rail project between Ahmedabad and Mumbai, on 14th of September.
At this moment of hardship&agony, their service stands out as a shining example.
Nation is celebrating the Independence Day with the festival of Janamashtmi today .
The Great Indian thinker and strategist Kautilya wrote the Arth-shastra more than two thousand years ago.
The Prime Minister will lay the Foundation Stone for the expansion of Amul manufacturing facilities at Anand and Khatraj.
The growing depth and variety in our relationship has been accentuated by the harmony between our Act East Policy and ROK’s New Southern Policy.
I extend felicitations on behalf of the entire nation to the entire team and support staff.
Over the past two and a half years, more than Rs. 1.25 lakh crore of black money has been brought into the open.
Everybody is now getting connected with this Fit India Campaign.
Railways can now contribute in a much better way in meeting the transport needs of the country.
The Prime Minister said that this gathering today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
In fact during the last three years it has become the third largest source of Foreign Direct Investments.
The high level review meeting was attended by officials from PMO, NITI Aayog and other Ministries.
The Prime Minister also noted that Bhuj would get a modern bus port, like other cities in Gujarat.
Prime Minister assured her of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging her new responsibilities.
The Prime Minister said that India has no shortage of capabilities, capacities and resources.
The Prime Minister later flagged off the “Run For Unity” from Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.
He said the Union Government aims to develop eastern India as the gateway to South-East Asia.
He urged people to use the Bhim App and embrace cashless transactions.
This 2 minutes silence is an expression of our collective resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
iv) Maternal, child and neonatal health;
He mentioned the roll-out of GST, auctioning of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development, among others.
Centre assures all support to Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation.
The MoU was concluded in July, 2017
This holy month of Ramzan will definitely be helpful in further strengthening these values of peace, unity and goodwill.
The coming together of so many nations to mark the International Day of Yoga illustrates the real essence of Yoga – togetherness.
First Lady Kim congratulated the Prime Minister on being awarded the Seoul Peace Prize.
The staff of the UN and diplomats from across the world participated.
He interacted with jawans from the ITBP and the Indian Army, and offered sweets to them.
For us in Government, this is a blessing.
Therefore, the strategic imperative to Make in India, to Make for India, and to Supply to the World from India is stronger than ever before.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of their mission.
It is considered an occasion to worship Vidya, knowledge.
Friends, Yoga has shown the path of wellness to the world from the path of illness.
The Indian story of economic resurgence closely mirrors that of many other parts of Asia.
Our brave soldiers have laid down their lives.
In disaster after disaster, affected people are using social media to help each other.
My Dear Countrymen, Namaskar
From Itanagar, PM will return to Guwahati .
Before I begin, I would like to share with you, some recent, remarkable achievements of our scientists in India.
Friends, strengthening of our emotional bonds will also strengthen our shared cultural and trade heritage.
And, then they published some selected letters.
We are all aware that a few days ago, ISRO has successfully launched the GSAT-19.
I urge you all to be a part of this campaign.
Tomorrow, I will travel to Haifa to pay homage to our brave Indian soldiers.
Apart from farming, they can earn money by selling power generated through solar farming.
For example, if a local fire service visits one school in its area every week, it would sensitize thousands of children over a period of one year.
May the injured recover quickly.
A series of Yoga related events are being organized across the world to mark the occasion.
This money will be used in strengthening the facilities like electricity, water, sewage, cleaning and gardens in those 33 cities.
Cultural and People-to-People Links
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida.
They have laid down their lives for the country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
These mountains of Uttarakhand spontaneously inspire us for Yoga and Ayurveda.
Sometimes it also appears that we are not able to perceive examinations in a proper perspective.
The Prime Minister said, ” Congratulations to M Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected India’s Vice President.
We were touched by President Moon’s decision to send the First Lady as his special representative at the ‘Deepotsav’ Festival held in Ayodhya last November.
People are writing in from far and wide.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has tweeted his prayers for all those people who are affected due to the adverse weather conditions caused by Cyclone Vardah.
Centre is focusing on the development of infrastructure in the state.
Leaving home for the first time, moving out of one’s village, coming out of a protective environment amounts to taking charge of the course of one’s life.
A large number of private companies have been connected to the portal.
It is helping response agencies in quickly organizing themselves, and enabling citizens to connect more easily with authorities.
They were able to include almost all aspects of Hinduism in only 11 volumes.
They are currently touring different parts of India as part of the initiative “Watan Ko Jaano.”
“I bow to Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.
He said toilet construction is ending social imbalances, and becoming a means of socio-economic empowerment and women empowerment.
The channel will be the 24th channel operated by Doordarshan.
The Prime Minister said that the Conference has now become more relevant, in the context of challenges and responsibilities facing the country.
It should try to achieve the real goal of bringing social and economic change.
And in our first meeting itself I had experienced his enthusiasm and affection towards India.
He told the medal winners that their sporting feats have raised India’s stature and pride.
In Singapore I will be focusing on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in areas of Fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
No civil society can tolerate any kind of injustice towards the woman-power of the country.
We look forward to our continued engagement with our development partners including AIIB.
We have taken note of the priority that President Temer attaches to reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
The country is governed by peace, harmony and unity.
His mild persona always fills every Indian with a sense of pride.
He announced an immediate additional assistance of 500 crore rupees under the SDRF.
Our trade synergies with Europe and South East Asia through the Spice Route are well known.
Now they shall be empowered with smartphones and digital devices to provide financial services.
The Prime Minister asked the officers to fix clear targets to improve the country’s tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
Constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday met and interacted with a group of over 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
He noted that the prize is being conferred at a time when India marks the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything it can, to give enough water to the farmers.
He recounted the various steps, including demonetization, taken by the Union Government in the last three years, against black money, and to bring elements indulging in corruption, to book.
He said the development projects being inaugurated today augur well for the cooperative sector.
We aim to provide every poor and homeless household a house with toilet, water and electricity by the year 2022.
On Citizenship Bill, PM urged people not be carried away by the rumours related to the citizenship bill.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today informally met all Secretaries – the topmost officers of Ministries of the Government of India.
Today, in the twenty-sixth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to post offices, and railways.
Interacting with beneficiaries and store owners from over 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that in order to ensure the availability of high quality medicines at lower prices, Government had taken two major steps.
The Prime Minister and Prime Minister Jugnauth affirmed their shared commitment to further strengthen the time-tested and unique relationship between India and Mauritius.
We now experience how something grows naturally.
India contributes over six per cent of global fish production.
Under the aegis of “Eat Right India” campaign, ‘Swasth Bharat’ trips are being carried out across the country.
We have also done well in the field of wildlife conservation.
He encouraged States to give fresh ideas to the Finance Commission, for incentivizing outcome-based allocations, and expenditure correction.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
Iran will continue to achieve new heights under the dynamic leadership of President Hassan Rouhani.
The selected bank will co-brand the Kochi Metro Fare Card and App with the bank’s name.
This is Prime Minister Modi’s second bilateral visit to Germany.
The Prime Minister directed efficient and stringent monitoring of rural roads construction and their quality.
It brings about peace in the family by uniting the person with the family.
I shall also request listeners of Mann Ki Baat who are engaged in the field of Sanskrit, to ponder over ways & means to take Komalji’s suggestion forward.
Uttarakhand and Haryana have also been declared ODF, this week.
During Diwali, Khadi gift coupon sales recorded an overwhelming 680 per cent rise.
The day of Bhagwan Mahavir’s birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
In this context, he also recalled his meeting with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka today morning.
The unique festival Chhath Pooja is deeply linked with nature & worshiping nature.
He said that Shri Inamdar had imbibed this principle, and his life is a source of inspiration.
He said he is committed to providing affordable healthcare for the poor and the middle class.
It is India’s youth that is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights, the Prime Minister said.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister will perform a special prayer.
As a society, as a nation, the 2 minute tribute of silence on 30th January at 11 am, should become our instinctive nature.
India itself has been battling cross border terrorism for decades.
In this Town Hall programme, I had the opportunity to talk with crores of students from India and abroad, and also with their parents and teachers; a possibility through the aegis of technology.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, everywhere, there is Yoga all around.
He congratulated the people of Jammu Kashmir for making the state Open Defecation Free by September 2018 itself.
Dr. Abdullah conveyed Afghanistan’s deep appreciation for India’s continuing support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
UAE can benefit by linking with our growth in manufacturing and services.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
The hospital will bring comprehensive yet affordable cancer care to patients in UP, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand and, even, neighbouring countries like Nepal.
To increase energy efficiency, my government has given the highest ever priority to the railways.
After the start of the project Customs administrations of both countries will be committed to its further expansion.
“My thoughts are with all those affected by floods in parts of Bihar.
He said that more number of generic medicines are now available for the people which will not only reduce the cost of health care but also save many precious lives.
This is the fourth interaction by the Prime Minister through video bridge series with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Her stellar innings in semi finals will always be remembered.
He said that good connectivity in the North-East will also link the region with the economy of South-East Asia.
The new dawn of the New Year, comes with the resolve of new success.
Prime Minister appreciated how poor women with their self-confidence and strength fought against all adversities.
Speaking about the vision of holistic transformation of health sector, Prime Minister said that the approach of the Government is ‘No Silos- Only Solutions’.
He urged States to take steps in this regard.
He said that he has been told that in the 13th century, the Indian Sufi Saint Baba Farid had come to Jerusalem, and meditated in a cave.
He said the Statue would generate considerable tourism opportunities for the region.
Lower labour costs, large domestic market and macro-economic stability combine to make India a very attractive investment destination.
You may be aware that when we had successfully created a place for the Mars Mission in orbit, this entire mission was planned for a duration of 6 months.
Towards this end, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
Benefits of India’s success are available to our partners!
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid homage to Bhagwan Birsa Munda, on his birth anniversary.
Thank you, Nandri.
Your Highness, I warmly recall our earlier meetings in August 2015, and in February last year.
The leaders reviewed regional and global issues.
I hope India’s success at 2018 Commonwealth Games motivates more youngsters to pursue sports and creates larger awareness on the importance of fitness in everyone’s lives.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
Russia reaffirms its strong support to India’s candidature for a permanent seat in a reformed United Nations Security Council.
Such Mock Parliaments will further the spirit of discussion among our youth, he added.
Dedicated Freight Corridors are being developed to mitigate the congestion of our railway network.
I am looking forward to meeting the political leaders and friends in Nepal.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that democracy’s greatest strength is harmony and amity (मेल मिलाप).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday evening, reviewed the progress of the Namaami Gange programme.
During a match in Kolkata one player from the opposite team hit him on the head with the hockey stick.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means to grow and prosper.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
She was so impressed by Swami Vivekanand that she renounced her happy- prosperous life and dedicated herself to the service of the poor.
He mentioned that these initiatives are changing the lives of ordinary people.
Fully automated and State of the art Coastal Installation Project will ensure security of the petroleum products for Andhra Pradesh.
We are also partners in South Africa’s skill development efforts.
The gems and jewellery sector employs 4.6 million people.
Their unwavering courage and patriotism ensured our country is safe.
Do your best today.
Now some people may ask why I have picked up those two years only.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured in Mandi district, Himachal Pradesh.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
This is the result of our fight against black money.
My dear brothers & sisters, we celebrated ‘Infantry Day’ yesterday.
I would like to assure that the steps taken by the Government would help India move into a new league in the years to come.
He said this constructive atmosphere should be used to move swiftly towards the creation of New India.
In Port Blair, he laid a wreath at the Martyrs Column, and visited the Cellular Jail.
Your doing so will go a long way in building a New India.
I congratulate these young friends and members of the school in Chandrapur, from the core of my heart.
I appreciate the Election Commission for relentlessly striving to ensure the strengthening of our democracy.
Working together, we are determined to take our relationship forward as a ‘future oriented partnership for People, Prosperity and Peace’.
Over the years, I have visited Japan several times.
Her father is a labourer and mother a fish-seller.
He unveiled a logo to mark the launch of “Preserve Mother Earth, and Transfer to Next Generation” programme.
Khadi and handloom have transformed the lives of the poorest of the poor and are emerging as a powerful means of empowering them.
This is the power of our tourism.
The whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance.
He mentioned the importance of conserving water, and added that in Kutch, people understood this quite well.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am delighted to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in upcountry areas under this project.
Ekta has won the gold and bronze medals in World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 held in Tunisia.
Even hair dressers change hair style fashions of their clients.
Despite rising oil prices, inflation is within the mandated range.
The first one relates to building infrastructure like Highways, Railways etc. while the other is to ensure that the benefits of development reach out to the people.
He said that he is happy that in the last few years, there has been steady progress towards this goal.
Somnath has more than 2 million followers on social media.
Increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
He appreciated the people of the Nicobar Islands for their spirit and hard work in rebuilding the islands after the tsunami.
He said it is also the responsibility of this gathering to make all efforts to fulfil them.
AIIB started its financing operations in January 2016.
These steps have greatly benefitted not only the poor, but also the middle class, PM said.
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
He thanked all the people who had property around the temple, and have allowed its acquisition for the project.
The Prime Minister reiterated his vision that relationships between regions and provinces of two countries are a vital part of nurturing the bilateral relationship.
Our players performed magnificently and on the basis of their sterling efforts, India has become the Asia Cup champion after an interval of ten years.
The country salutes the indomitable courage of Meenaji, wife of Martyr PrasannaSahu of Jagatsinghpur, Odisha.
Our forefathers have lived this as a way of life for centuries together.
There is need to develop specialized arbitration bar associations.
He congratulated the people of India on the occasion, and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and progress, and deliver results quickly.
All help is being provided to the State Government to deal with the adverse situation.
During the last three years, everyone in his or her own way has contributed towards water conservation and water management.
Cooking gas price is also determined by the market.
The Prime Minister said, “We have taken a major step to provide education facilities at the higher educational, technical and professional institutions in addition to the reservation for the poor from general category.
The MoU is intended to promote innovation, creativity and economic growth in both countries.
His birthplace was Patna, Karmabhoomi was north India and the last moments were spent in Nanded.
Most of the grievances are related to issues of poor service quality, connectivity and non-functioning of landline connections.
It will cater to film students especially those from the North Eastern states.
Since the council was created fifty years ago, India has made rapid strides in this industry.
The airport has been retrofitted and new terminal constructed for making it fit for commercial operations under UDAN scheme.
33. The Sides expressed interest in the development of mutually beneficial cooperation in the Arctic, inter alia in the sphere of joint scientific research.
He said Swachhata – or cleanliness – is a simple mechanism of preventive healthcare.
So a lot of new people would have received the training for casting votes.
If we do not manage this growth, in terms of both planning and execution, the risk of economic and human losses from disasters will be higher than ever before.
And now the festival of Eid is here.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
Under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, remarkable progress has been achieved in rural areas.
Otherwise, the rate at which the Inflation was rising during previous government’s tenure it would have resulted in huge rise in the budget of the common citizen’s kitchen.
Brothers and sisters, in this year’s budget a big decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their produce.
No new funds have been approved.
Today our monetary policy, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiative have become seedbed for our young innovators and young entrepreneurs.
Events related to sanitation and renewable energy shall be the focus of the Prime Minister’s engagements on Gandhi Jayanti.
I am happy to see such a large participation of Energy Ministers from producing and consuming nations, Heads of International Organisations and CEOs in this forum.
He interacted with the people, who have resolved to make the village open-defecation-free.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event to mark the Centenary Celebrations of Karnatak Lingayat Education Society, at Belagavi.
Budget under MNREGA is also utilized for this water conservation activity.
He described tourism as an ancient concept in India, and a spiritual tradition.
My dear countrymen, on 1st February 2017, Indian Coast Guard is completing 40 years.
Yoga brings about peace in this modern fast paced life by combining the body, mind, spirit and soul.
I am happy to be part of the inauguration ceremony of Kochi Metro.
The Prime Minister noted that the freedom struggle became a mass movement due to the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
“On World Toilet Day we reaffirm our commitment towards improving sanitation facilities across our nation.
He ensured that millions of Indians were brought under the ambit of one nation & one constitution.
It is estimated that around 1 to 1.5 lakh knee operations happen in India every year.
He said that the Union Government has decided that for all notified crops, MSP will be at least one and a half times the cost.
The Prime Minister also conveyed his warm regards to H. E. Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad, Prime Minister of Malaysia.
It is said that Bhagini Nivedita was the inspiration.
She gave utmost importance to education and social reform.
• If the law of the land is working, then we have to join hands together ward off the challenge from those who try to save themselves by raking up the issue of political conspiracy.
He said the Government is addressing the special needs of the North East to enable growth parity with the rest of the country.
I believe we are at a moment of great opportunity in our ties with Sri Lanka.
The foundation of good knowledge should be followed by a super-structure of a better society.
The delegation expressed its strong support of the Prime Minister’s vision for making India a five trillion dollar economy in the near future.
The Prime Minister offered deepest condolences on his behalf and on behalf of the people of India on the loss of precious lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami that hit the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
The Russian Side expressed its interest in participating in the international competitive biddings as and when the Ministry of Railways of India decides to execute the railway speed raising projects.
Package of twelve services including free universal screening for common NCDs.
We will continue to work tirelessly for your socio-economic upliftment in all possible ways.
India’s development needs are huge and substantial.
I believe that reading and knowledge should not be limited only to work related aspects.
• Cow is revered as the mother in our country.
Your surroundings too must be full of such inspiring happenings.
The Prime Minister called for an end to the “chalta hai” attitude of complacency, and its replacement with an attitude of “badal sakta hai” for positive change.
My dear countrymen, you must’ve returned to your respective routines after the Diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination.
In this context he mentioned the agreement of Units 5 and 6 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
Our cultural engagement is expanding.
The Earth is our mother and we all are her children.
May Yoga be of benefit to one and all.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister asserted that development is the best answer to all kinds of violence.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Babu Jagjivan Ram on his birth anniversary.
He said if America becomes stronger, India will be a natural beneficiary.
He expressed confidence that through Scientific Approach, Technological Innovations, and Research and Development the graduating students would play an active role in turning agriculture into a profitable profession.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis is being given to enhance both infrastructural and emotional connectivity in the entire North Eastern region, at a rapid rate.
Our bilateral defense cooperation is built on strong mutual trust.
Under the Mission for Integrated Development of Horticulture, farmers would be provided assistance for replantation of damaged horticulture crops.
The Prime Minister said that the next step in this movement of Swachhta, should be conversion of waste to wealth.
If a family itself continues to demoralise a child in the family and if that family expects that the kid will be respected in the locality then it is not possible.
Last year in November, India organized the first-ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
He said the ITI would help empower the youth of the island, with skills.
Since Diwali, our nation has been witness to a historic rite of purification.
He said this spirit brings about a positive change, and engenders a sense of responsibility.
We shall gradually advance in that direction.
The Prime Minister said he feels very happy when he sees citizens post pictures of Varanasi Cantt Station online.
Our partnership will also extend to combating terrorism, organized crime, drugs and human trafficking.
Heartiest greetings to all fellow citizens on this auspicious occasion.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
The Prime Minister said that giving One Rank One Pension to ex-servicemen was a promise that he had made, and he was happy that he had been able to fulfil it.
He inaugurated the Luwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex, the Rani Gaidinliu Park, and other important development projects.
Talking about Self Help Groups (SHGs), Prime Minister said that Self Help Groups play a very important role in the economic and social advancement of poor, especially for women from rural strata of society.
We are also encouraging and facilitating business and industry of both countries to increase the quality and quantum bilateral trade.
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates upon the future developmental priorities.
I once again urge that we should try and take forward the Khadi movement.
In this context, let me outline a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction:
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
City Gas Distribution ensures the supply of cleaner fuel (PNG) to households, industrial & commercial units.
All of these point to the new direction of economic reforms that India is pursuing.
As close neighbours, our relationship spreads across many layers.
The Union Government attaches topmost importance to the development of eastern India, he added.
Along with this, they are undergoing a training course in skill development.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to one of my favorite events.
In this context, he mentioned the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
The results of these efforts are now evident.
He was the first Indian who set on a global voyage in a small boat without any modern technology.
In different games, our athletes have made the country proud.
He said there is a strong need for proper mapping at the district level so that we can understand the range of our talent, and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
Recently 30 nano satellites were launched.”
They agreed that this phenomenon presented the single biggest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region and beyond.
Emphasizing the importance of food processing, the Prime Minister said lack of infrastructure is leading to huge losses in the agriculture sector.
He also raised a voice against social evils, he added.
He also asked senior officials in the Union Government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
The Prime Minister said that out of the 500 biggest companies in the world, one-fourth belong to the public sector in some country.
He said Lok Adalats can play a key role in reducing pendency of cases in the judiciary.
The meeting was attended by several Union Ministers who look after economic subjects.
Trade Unions so recognized would be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the AMRUT Mission.
Chief Minister of Gujarat Shri Vijay Rupani ;
He said enterprise and innovation should be the guiding principles in the 21st century.
Brothers and Sisters, irrigation schemes are progressing.
The Prime Minister has emphasized the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
His indomitable courage is a source of motivation.
This MoU shall remain in force for a period of five years.
In this, India can be a valuable partner.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
India and Portugal are strong partners in the international arena.
“Greetings to all soldiers, veterans & their families on Army Day.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are marked by broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
“Sardar Patel devoted his life towards unifying India.
The dream of “Ek Bharat – Shreshtha Bharat” is inherent in this.
The App is also beneficial for traders.
As popular business hubs, they also rank high in the levels of Ease of Doing Business.
As a result, more than 32000 cases were confirmed and were put on treatment.
This has generated employment for the poor.
People from Meghalaya have made a notable contribution to our country.
We are keen to scale up investments in next generation infrastructureincluding roads, ports, railways, airports, telecom, digital networks and energy.
That is why a large number of letters on agriculture have been received.
Happy that the Bharat Ratna has been conferred on Bhupen Da.” the Prime Minister said.
All this will affect energy demand.
Together we will build such an India where the youth, the women will have enough opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
I am happy to be a part of this august gathering of global leaders and decision makers of the food processing sector.
Strength of the India-USA strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
vi) Training in administration and management of health services and Hospitals;
23. The Sides appreciated the efforts to further cement and institutionalize cooperation between Indian States and Russian Regions.
He quoted Chanakya to say that hard work can overcome all obstacles and help us accomplish even the most difficult of objectives.
Water that belongs to India cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan, he added.
Government of India has initiated the Sagarmala Project keeping it in mind.
He mentioned the various other projects, including roads, and projects related to Namaami Gange, which were inaugurated, or for which the foundation stone was laid today.
Last year was the birth centenary year of Nelson Mandela.
Such is the scale of opportunity that is waiting to be tapped.
Some listeners send photo graphs of the efforts undertaken by children whereas others mention the role of youth in these efforts.
14. Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
We get the mantra to enable the society to fight against blind-faith through devotion and bhakti.
Insurance coverage upto 5 lakh rupees per family, per year for secondary and tertiary care hospitalization will be provided under this mission.
Outcome of the Budget Session
Under this, we offer around 700 scholarships annually to students for studying in Sri Lanka and India.
To this end, they decided to strengthen the Closer Development Partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner, in pursuit of national modernization and greater prosperity for their peoples.
The resulting competition will increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our marketing companies.
He also unveiled a series of development projects related to the energy, connectivity and health sectors.
The Prime Minister said that India should showcase its great heritage with pride and confidence, to the world.
The weather has become pleasant in several parts of the country with abundant showers.
Excellency, we commend your vision and leadership for taking your country out of this crisis and on to the path of economic prosperity.
We have to take everyone and every section of the society along to take the country forward.
His work will continue to draw people towards the joys of Sufi music.
It is a rare opportunity for you people as well.
The Alliance aims at a solar capacity of 1000 Giga Watt with an investment of one trillion US Dollars by 2030.
60. Our resolve is to build an India, which provides all the opportunities to the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
We know how to distribute the fruits of progress and prosperity to the common man.
In the last two fiscal years, we received about 55 billion dollars as foreign direct investment.
At the event, there was mass chanting of Soundarya Lahari.
There is also a deep sense of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
If the children in our family are interested in sports, they should be given opportunities.
Atalji was a true patriot.
Our present is encouraging us to work together.
Japanese people have led the world in sustainable development.
The Prime Minister also congratulated all those who were associated with this remarkable feat.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate agreement as a shared heritage of the whole world, and this generation’s contribution to the hope of future generations of mankind.
I am visiting the Republic of Korea at the invitation of President Moon Jae-in.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
And brothers and sisters, we cannot forget that these great men are indispensable part of our country’s history.
Compared to last year, the total sales of Khadi & Handicrafts have risen almost by 90%.
At this moment, there are expectations and the feelings of a strong response which is quite natural.
Progress of important projects in the roads and railways sectors, such as the Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, the Quazigund-Banihal Tunnel, the Chenab railway bridge, and the Jiribam-Imphal project was also reviewed.
He said this would greatly help in improving effectiveness of the exercise.
This has gained wide acceptance.
Centre assures all possible help to normalise the situation.
Your generation also faced relentless hardships.
However, I take satisfaction in the fact that this is the second Summit between India and Portugal within a period of six months.
In other words, such a system is being set up where in farms in any part of the country will have a market-connect.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi tomorrow (11th October, 2017).
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
He said the Government’s focus is on increasing productivity through high speed connectivity.
In last three years, nearly 150 lakh hectares of land got more benefit through water conservation and water management measures.
Prime Minister reiterated India’s commitment to extend full support to Afghanistan’s efforts for building a peaceful, united, prosperous, inclusive and democratic Afghanistan.
The ban imposed on Jallikattu by the Supreme Court came up for discussion.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits by 100 young people from science-related educational streams.
I extend my best wishes to all countrymen for these festivals.
The Prime Minister described the relationship between India and Israel as one of traditions, culture, trust and friendship.
Synergize your energy with the strength of India.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
His Highness and I discussed ways to transform our energy ties in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
We keep learning something or the other from great men and women, saints, sages, holy people.
The President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan His Excellency Dr. Mohammad Ashraf Ghani was warmly welcomed on his working visit to India on 14 & 15 September 2016.
They reiterate the important role of the United Nations, including the High Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development, in coordinating and reviewing global implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
We agreed to sustain the momentum of our relations in key areas, including energy and investments.
It is true that from time to time, political parties have made constructive efforts to improve the system.
This is the reason because of which the acceptance for Yoga throughout the world has been increasing so rapidly.
He described the Prime Minister as a great leader and a “world leader.”
Thirdly, he sought the role of private participation in the distribution of gas sector.
Even otherwise, Uttarakhand has been the main centre for Yoga for several decades.
It needs efficiency in energy use.
We are now in the information age.
It seems to become a question of life and death.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support at a personal level.
I have countless fond memories with him.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been lowered, capping on insurance removed, and claims amounts disbursed to farmers have gone up.
Schoolchildren from various Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister.
It is due to greats like her that India won freedom.
This multitude of young people leave their homes for the first time to chart a new direction for their lives.
Such measures have propelled our economy into a high growth path.
PM will also declare 100% household electrification in Arunachal Pradesh under Saubhagya Scheme.
We are here today to act upon the belief that we as humans can make a difference to this planet.
Late in the evening, the Prime Minister drove through the streets of Varanasi, evaluating the development of the city.
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India, have been centres for the spread of social reform.
We remember with great pride all the sacrifices made by our Army.
He said that as new laws are made, old ones should be reviewed and weeded out if found unnecessary.
It was distressing to see the suffering of the affected people.
You can also act as a major catalyst in promoting the tourism of our country by utilizing the time from this October to March.
I would also like to express gratitude to UNCTAD for having supported India’s initiative and playing an active role in bringing it to this stage.
These are just a few examples.
This year, Neelakurinji is in full bloom on the hills of Southern Nilgiri like the Ashok Chakra (the wheel of Ashoka) in the Tricolour on our Independence Day.
He also stated that within the next two weeks, the Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) for sugarcane for the sugar season of 2018-19, will also be announced.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that through the India Post Payments Bank, banking services will conveniently reach the remotest places in the country, and the people living there.
He said the Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVKs) will play a key role in this regard.
Through Jan Dhan Yojana, social security schemes, MUDRA & Stand-Up India, we have given wings to millions of aspirations.
In 2018, we are projected to grow at 7.4 per cent.
We are also happy to share with you India’s holistic healthcare traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved Memorandum of Cooperation between India and Finland on Environmental Cooperation.
We are engaged in a massive push towards renewable energy generation.
The Sides agreed to make efforts to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on priority.
PM distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
In particular, he called for innovative approaches in areas such as skill development and tourism.
Let us pledge to free India from poverty, dirt, corruption, terrorism, casteism, communalism & create a ‘New India’ of our dreams by 2022.
But it is not just on the battle-fields, but also on the factory floors of defence manufacturing enterprises, that strategic decisions are made.
I now turn specifically, to food processing.
In the course of the day, the Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti, and Kanyakumari.
3. Exhibition on Futuristic Technologies and Space Exploration which offers a vision of the future of space travel.
In this context, he mentioned that all Government permissions, including construction permits are being issued faster than before.
They can be called “nutrition rich and climate smart” crops.
We need to fully harness these strengths.
He said countries of the world wish to walk with India on the path of peace and stability.
The interaction covered over one crore women representing various Self Help Groups.
This is not only highest ever FDI but also highest growth in FDI in India.
This is specially essential for the freedom and peace of the exploited, victimised and deprived people and to ensure justice for them.
The work of building IIT, IIM and AIIMS is speedily going on.
Your children have benefited from this.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore enterprise and innovation exhibition.
“My thoughts are with those who lost their loved ones due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
Attempts were even made to reduce the faith that Indians had on them, he added.
The Sides agreed to explore opportunities of joint collaboration in precious metals, minerals, natural resources and forest produce, including timber, through joint investments, production, processing and skilled labour.
My effort is to take the banking system to normalcy as fast as possible in the new year.
On 29 May, I will be in Jakarta on the invitation of Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
Creating a Structured Mechanism for Communication, Mutual Sharing of Best Practices, Creating New Initiatives for Capacity Building and Starting Joint Campaigns, are such areas which can be pursued in mutual interest.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions to ensure speedy disposal of commercial matters.
Prime Minister said that special attention is given to skill development of rural youth through Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana.
It is because of such efforts that we have improved significantly on the Ease of Doing Business rankings from 142 to 77”.
He said India believes that the world is one family, and is fulfilling its global responsibilities.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the warm welcome and respect accorded to him throughout his visit.
The proposed Bill will ensure that the nomination of workers’ representatives in tripartite bodies by the government will become more transparent.
Railways, roads, power have been our priority areas.
I had made an appeal to change brain-drain into brain-gain.
His pure thoughts and ideals have a profound impact on society.
Now, we are a globally integrated economy.
In hockey, India has won the Asia Cup hockey title through its dazzling performance.
The recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government, he added.
These initiatives have resulted in 42-place jump in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last four years, he added.
The Prime Minister will then travel to Anjar.
The choices that we make today, will define our collective future.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on India-Italy Cooperation in Renewable Energy between India and Italy.
New AIIMS are being opened in various states with a view to providing better treatment and health facilities to people across the country.
The Centre would be supportive of steps taken by the State Government.
Applauding the efforts of NRIs, particularly Saurashtra Patel community, Prime Minister said that NRIs have always made India proud.
Background
The Prime Minister said doing social work should be a matter of great pride for everyone.
He added that India now stands at 3rd place in Power Ranking in the 2018 report of the World Travel & Tourism Council.
We can protect ourselves from several diseases in addition to having a good heath if we daily practice the poses and breathing exercise of Yoga.
This very month, 20 year old Vedangi Kulkarni from Pune became the fastest Asian to traverse the globe riding a bicycle.
His vision was not just to treat them, but also to mainstream them into our society, he added.
He also recalled the role of members of Indian community in the Kenya’s freedom movement.
In 2016, Akshaya Patra commemorated the serving of 2 billion cumulative meals in the presence of the then President of India, Pranab Mukherjee.
We are proud to be the global host for World Environment Day, 2018.
The impediments encountered earlier in the grant and process of award, have been removed.
They shared the view that peaceful, stable and balanced relations between India and China will be a positive factor for stability amidst current global uncertainties.
Germany ranks 7th among foreign investor countries in India.
Their target is to reach 300 million under-privileged people by 2022.
Therefore the use of new technology in house construction would have added advantage, if tried in India.
Institutions also extended their contribution enthusiastically.
He said PSUs have contributed significantly in nation-building, and in the nation’s economy, since independence.
Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of sewerage network project for the western part of Agra. under AMRUT scheme.
You speak one of the oldest-surviving classical languages in the world.
The Prime Minister said that besides the National War Memorial, the National Police Memorial has also been established.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased.
India has no dearth of brilliant lawyers and judges.
vii) Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
These measures too have increased the efficiency of energy use.
Prime Minister exchange views with the delegation members on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
But it is not a test of your life.
Historically temples have played a key role in our societies.
5. The Sides called upon all states to work towards the lessening of global tensions and promoting the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency and openness in inter-state relations.
After Indonesia Open and Australia Open, this win has completed the triad of the super series premiere title.
Under ‘Ayushman Bharat Yojana ‘, the Government of India and insurance companies will jointly provide 5 lakh repees for treatment to about 10 crore families or say 50 crore citizens per year.
Dr. Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in the bilateral relationship.
He said that from conventional teaching, our universities need to move towards innovative learning.
Her game makes all of us very proud.
9. Ambitious targets have been set that includes key health indicators and others to spur performance.
In this context, the Prime Minister also spoke of initiatives in air connectivity and water connectivity.
With this, you would be able to visit Varanasi with ease and seek the blessings of Lord Shiva.
This is a day to reaffirm our commitment towards further strengthening our democracy by unfailingly participating in democratic processes at the local, state and national levels.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is necessary for development today.
Shri Gobind Singh Ji believed that the biggest service is to alleviate human suffering.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a big football fan.
This Act will play an effective role in curbing crimes against women and girls.
The Prime Minister said that he wishes to caution the country that certain forces are trying to put undue pressure on the judiciary.
He described GST as a “Good and Simple Tax” which would ultimately benefit the people.
The National War Memorial also commemorates the soldiers who participated and made the supreme sacrifice in Peace Keeping Missions, and Counter Insurgency Operations.
We particularly focused on implementation of various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
He added that the Government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
They are living testimony to the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the peoples of India and Nepal.
He said the brand of Amul is known globally, and has become an inspiration worldwide.
We are also joined together in shaping the international context to support our common pursuits and endeavors.
He also addressed a public meeting at Luwangsangbam.
We celebrate Air Force Day on the 8th of October.
He interacted with some innovators and beneficiaries.
Growth in the aviation sector is expected to raise demand for aviation fuel four times by 2040.
The Prime Minister said that India-Bangladesh relations have been on an upward trajectory in the last few years.
Replace Tai Khamti’ instead of ‘Khampti’ at serial No. 6.
My dear countrymen, just like every time earlier, I have received a rather large number of letters, e mails, phone calls and comments from you.
May all your dreams come true, my best wishes to you.
Our freedom movement is linked to our sentiments.
In the last two years,we have moved towards a low tax regimeon the corporate side.
Out-bound tourism from India is growing at one of the fastest rates in the world.
But someone has to take such tough decisions for the sake of the country.
The Committee lauded PM’s initiatives to make the government cleaner through anti-corruption measures and demonetization.
He said that these mindsets are now being changed.
He expressed hope that the medal winners will remain grounded and would not lose focus due to fame and accolades.
We have launched the Ujjwala programme to provide fifty million families with access to cooking gas.
He always continued to inspire more than 1.25 billion citizens for achieving this goal.
I expect a good, healthy debate with excellent contribution from all the political parties..
Dr. Abdul Kalam continued to work throughout his life to realize the dream of a developed India.
He also dedicated to the nation, inaugurated, or laid the Foundation Stone for various development projects at Rae Bareli.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
For this purpose, we have launched the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
India is also the world’s biggest milk producer.
Specific actions have to be designed and implemented locally.
It will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
Honey is nature’s gift to mankind.
He said the Kashi Vishwanath Temple has survived the vicissitudes of centuries.
He said the work for the sea wall, once completed, will help protect the island of Car Nicobar.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that in the 21st century, the youth will take India to new heights.
Later, in 1945, when the Freedom Struggle gained momentum, he prepared an amended copy of those ideas.
64. The Sides noted that the participation of the Prime Minister of the Republic of India Narendra Modi in the SCO Heads of State Council Meeting in Qingdao in June 2018 marked successful involvement of India in the work of the Organization as a full-fledged member.
Our goal is to build a relationship that reflects our shared priorities and draws on enduring bonds between our peoples.
He also spoke of the benefits that the other development projects launched today would bring about.
This provided a chance to more and more of our countrymen to unfurl our national flag.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are accorded the highest priority during Ramzan.
Congrats to ISRO for the successful launch of GSAT-11, which is the heaviest, largest and most-advanced high throughput communication satellite of India.
India is working on e-mobility.
I recently visited the Krishi Unnati Mela organized in New Delhi.
Kochi ranks first in the total number of international and domestic tourist arrivals in Kerala.
Now, farmers will have RuPay Debit Cards, which they can use anywhere.
I would like to share positive outcome of the budget session.
Its involvement in our mega projects like Dedicated Freight Corridors, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Metro Rail and High Speed Rail signifies scale and speed.
Through Make in India we are offering a platform to Global Companies to produce in India and to make better use of our huge human resource.
He outlined several other steps that are being taken to improve “ease of access to justice.”
Earlier only eighty to ninety big merchants used to get access to global rough diamonds by travelling to Belgium, Africa and Israel.
The Prime Minister said that this high speed railway would not only bring two cities closer, but also bring the people living hundreds of kilometers away, closer to each other.
All of these offer unprecedented opportunities for Japanese industry.
He recalled that Indian soldiers had played a key role in the liberation of Haifa during the first world war.
Brazil is among our most important economic partners in Latin America.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved Measures to promote Hydro Power Sector.
Unveiling the expansion of health care system in Bihar, he said, “ It is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health care infrastructure development.
This year will see the first ever Tri-services exercise INDRA–2017.
The demand to confer constitutional status on the OBC Commission had existed for years.
Last month, our space scientists created a unique record.
This is a reflection of our commitment to provide houses to the poor people, to the middle class.
Today, we live in an inter-connected world.
He was an inspiration to Karyakartas like me.
The Suraksha Bima Yojana provides risk insurance to millions who need it the most.
This traditional calendar depicts our bonding with natural and astronomical events.
It has benefitted lakhs of craftsmen and workers.
Similarly, he said, social justice is an important governance objective.
World Environment Day seeks to address a very significant challenge this year.
He had the courage to show a mirror to the British about their wrong doings.
Today, we have with us Ministers from several African countries.
He encouraged them to share and write about their unique experiences during the journey.
The Prime Minister said that medicines are available at fifty to ninety percent lower price than the market rates at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
100 percent neem coating of Urea has also resulted in lowering expenditure on fertilizer, apart from raising productivity.
Man must relate to nature, man must revere nature, not merely consider it a resource to be exploited, the Prime Minister asserted.
About 12 crore farmers are expected to benefit from PM-KISAN.
Reiterating his strong stance against corruption, PM said that his Government is committed to eliminating middlemen and corruption.
“Today, a day after Diwali, Gujaratis mark the start of a New Year.
On behalf of the people and the farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the Government of Madhya Pradesh, for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
It contributes to our energy security.
You too must be feeling happy with a sense of satisfaction at this mega sale in just one Khadi & Handloom store.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and to forge long term commercial partnerships.
130 crore Indian will give a befitting reply to any such act or attack.
This time every devotee will be able to have a darshan of the pious Akshayavat after the holy dip in the confluence.
If we talk about the three years of this government, then more than 22,000 megawatt renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid power.
Referring to the ongoing Poshan Maah (nutrition month), the Prime Minister said that the momentum that has been built up during this campaign should not flag.
Just recently I had two memorable meetings.
I thank Keidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
I was told that a few days ago, in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, over three lakh people came together to work for the sanitation campaign.
And last year was also the silver jubilee year of our diplomatic relations.
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
Ambassador Haley conveyed greetings from President Trump.
Fourth, invest in risk mapping globally.
Saddened by his passing away.
In modern times more than one hundred and thirty thousand Indian soldiers sacrificed their lives in World Wars in the last century.
In a way, entire India received his blessings.
Fifty cities in India are ready to implement metro rail projects.
It was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
Today, the 11th August, reminds us of a significant event in history.
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is linked to efforts towards a healthier India.
An unprecedented number of countries from across the world, joined hands with us.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured.
I will join programmes in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
I compliment all those individuals and organisations working towards building more toilets in various parts of India.
I hope the industry is in constant touch with them.
Sinhala and Tamil were the court languages.
Even a common man gets a unique diving feeling when he visits this place.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that we will not ignore or forget the heritage that we have been historically proud of.
I would particularly urge my young friends to join tomorrow’s interaction.
There must be innumerable incidents.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people, on Durga Ashtami celebrations.
Today, in the twenty-third meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to consumers.
Space technology will touch the lives of our people in the region.
He recalled India’s commitment to generate 175 GigaWatts of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
In our path of sustained high growth, and all around development, India counts Israel among its important partners, the Prime Minister said.
Friends, this is a first of its kind conference in this part of the world.
At the outset, I wish to express our sincere condolences on the loss of life due to the recent earthquake in Aceh .
Even people have started exchanging Khadi items as gifts.
Just on seeing these pictures, your disappointment will transform into hope.
I have always considered my engagements with you extremely useful.
The time has now come that all political leaders and parties respect the feelings of the nation’s honest citizens, and understand the anger of the people.
He said that besides the sugar sector, we should also think of globally competitive bamboo products.
Nordic solutions in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernisation, food processing, health, life-sciences and agriculture were mentioned.
He emphasized that the poor must have access to quality and affordable healthcare.
Our constant efforts have improved India’s ranking in Ease of Doing Business.
It has the capacity to make a better society and nation.
I express my gratitude to the administration, government and especially the people of these five states, for achieving this objective.
This Agreement shall enter into force on the first day of the second month after the Contracting Parties notify each other in through diplomatic channels, that the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
All of us pay tributes to the martyrs who sacrificed their lives for the motherland, by observing silence for 2 minutes at 11 am on 30th January.
I am happy to note that the State Government has announced 19th June as the reading day.
However, most of the time the situation of the house is like this that umpires are in more trouble than the players.
He said the awards also indicate the priorities of the Government.
Both Sides noted recent investments by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
We do not want to spend ten years in discussions without any tangible outcomes.
Our people to people ties and exchanges, as always, provide the bedrock of our ties of friendship.
He said the Union Government has got 5 crore toilets built in three years.
They also have unique strengths and insights.
He underlined the importance of a clean and vibrant River Ganga.
Even today, players of Team India are encouraging the younger generation through their hard work and focused attention.
During this visit, apart from my discussions with President Moon, I will meet with business leaders, members of the Indian community as well as eminent persons from all walks of life.
Swachh Bharat Mission, therefore, now includes the Project “Swachh Iconic Places” to address this issue.
His demise is anguishing.
Every Indian is proud that these three great men belong to our land.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the award is to be disposed off by the Court within one year.
One of the focal points of ‘ParikshaPeCharcha’ was that there were lively interactions on various topics related with the entire process of examinations.
These seekers freedom must have gone through immense torture.
The passenger capacity in the aviation sector has reached 282 million passengers per annum.
And therefore this burden of hankering for marks hinders us sometimes from going in the right direction.
For mapping risks related to hazards such as earthquakes we have widely accepted standards and parameters.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the affection he receives in Kutch is unparalleled.
They gave due priority and importance to each single drop of water.
Whether it is thousands of feet high mountains of Himalaya or be it desert area singed by sunlight, Yoga is flourishing the life in every situation.
By removing physical barriers at state boundaries, GST will accelerate long haul transport and further increase efficiency.
He will inaugurate the collective e-grihapravesh of twenty five thousand beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri AwasYojana through video conferencing.
Translating a thought into reality was his forte’.
We are also familiar with Japan’s enormous contributions to the process of development in other parts of the world, especially in Asia and Africa.
He said this decision would unlock huge amounts of money for development of the mineral rich districts.
He said the new format of the Conference has resulted in a marked improvement in the quality of discussions.
At this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events.
India is setting new records not just in the field of sports but also in hitherto uncharted areas.
This is India’s unique beauty that spirituality and science complement each other in our culture.
The President and I agreed that India offers excellent investment opportunities for Cypriot entrepreneurs.
The Prime Minister gave an overview of reforms undertaken in India in the recent past.
He was the architect of the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
“I bow to Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
At Dwarka, he will lay the Foundation Stones of a bridge between Okha and Beyt Dwarka; and other road development projects.
Indian can proudly claim that in the armed forces,our Army not only man-power but woman-power too is contributing equally.
Our past has always been harmoniously inter-woven.
Aspects such as human psychology and behavioural psychology should be vital parts of training, he added.
I am happy that for the first time, beneficiaries are also being given ownership of the land on which the houses are being built.
They agreed to continue efforts to develop cleaner energy systems, renewable energy and fuels, increased energy efficiency and technologies for cleaner energy production.
Mentioning the Atal Incubation Centre that was inaugurated today, he said that startups are already beginning to get connected with this.
Everybody recalls the efforts and constructive role of the UN in establishing peace throughout the world.
He said farmers and scientists have to work together to transform agriculture.
The Government also aims to extend Piped Natural Gas to ten million houses over the next five years.
The Prime Minister assured the delegation that the Union Government will look into their demands.
The Prime Minister said that the visit of British Prime Minister Theresa May to India in November 2016 has put in place the framework necessary to guide India-UK relations in the days to come.
The industry and business in our two economies can shape attractive partnerships through the flagship programmes launched by my Government.
He said this move, which will transform tourism is a continuing effort.
Most of the sectors of our economy are now only open for FDI.
We are proud to have taken numerous decisions that have furthered women empowerment.
Sister Nivedita and Scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful testimony to this.
The first 100 percent literate city and first 100 percent literate district have been from Kerala.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space.
This addresses an issue pending for nearly 24 years.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of DGPs and IGPs on 7th and 8th January at the BSF Academy at Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh.
He will address the gathering.
She helped publication of Basu’s research and publicity through her articles and conferences.
PM will release a synopsis of the Green Rameswaram Project.
My dear countrymen, in our country, there is a Neelakurinji flower which blooms once every 12 years.
This has already shown good results.
They called upon all countries to implement the UNSC Resolution 1267 and other relevant resolutions designating terrorist entities.
It provides a framework and enabling environment to understand each other’s strengths, market, technologies, policies, etc.
Acting against corruption
The wave of love and faith that spread across the nation is an indicator of his great personality.
In such a scenario, Consumer Protection is an important component which enhances and strengthens trade in this region.
He also spoke of the work being done towards cleanliness and enhancing the visual appeal of the city.
Today it is known as the commercial capital of Kerala.
Prime Minister Abe and I do not miss any opportunity to meet.
We will also interact with the BRICS Business Council represented by captains of industry from all five countries.
I experienced his excellent hospitality during the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year.
She has vowed to send her only son to join the CRPF.
As there are no middlemen, the goods are available at very reasonable rates.
The Prime Minister spoke of themes such as climate protection and smart cities, which came up for discussion.
That is why the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government, he added.
Starting a new business in India is now easier than ever before.
The ASI has undertaken several major conservation works across various countries of Asia.
We have increased interaction at all levels.
My participation in the Summit symbolises India’s highest priority to our neighbourhood and our strong commitment to continue deepening our relationship with the extended neighbourhood in South-East Asia.
He also mentioned that sports helps in developing personality, building confidence, and in overall development.
This data reflects that how the government has performed the role of a policy maker and policy implementer after bringing the country out of policy paralysis.
We are clearing loans up to Rs one crore in 59 minutes”.
It depicts the way historically the people of India and ASEAN have been bound together.
The Prime Minister said that 1.5 lakh Health and Wellness Centres are being constructed under Ayushman Bharat.
He said the navies of 50 countries were part of the International Fleet Review organized by the Indian Navy in 2016.
Specially, in the context of serving trees, they prefer laying down their lives but cannot tolerate any harm to a single tree.
Besides, the government’s thinking would also be reflected.
This has hampered growth in inter-state commerce.
The Prime Minister said the common man could relate to Adi Shankara’s composition – Soundarya Lahari.
India scripted a thumping win in the under- 19 Cricket World Cup and the Blind Cricket World Cup.
Key Features of the tunnel
The sportspersons had called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House, New Delhi.
There are many such aspects which emerged out of these discussions which are definitely going to be beneficial for the students.
During the operation, a sailor from Thailand Navy sacrificed his life.
63. We will build together such an India, which will be clean, healthy and fulfil the dream of self-rule (Swaraj).
He added that several announcement were made in the Budget to this effect.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of various projects of the Government of India and Government of Jharkhand, at an event in Sindri.
Those nations who leave their heritage behind, are destined to lose their identity, he added.
I am glad that so many participants from India and abroad have taken the time to come here.
The meeting was attended by Chief Minister Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and top officials of the State Government, disaster response agencies and PMO.
Peacekeeping operation is not an easy task.
The Treaty would provide a legal framework for seeking extradition of terrorists, economic offenders and other criminals from and to Lithuania.
These include: Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban); Atal Mission for Rejuvenation of Urban Transfornation (AMRUT); and the Smart Cities Mission.
The world today, is also threatened by the twin challenges – terrorism, and climate change.
He described the Constitution as the very soul of our democratic structure.
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the foundation.
These projects include the Western Dedicated Freight Corridor, and the Char Dham Mahamarg Vikas Pariyojna.
I am also keen to interact with the Indian Community in Portugal during the visit”, the Prime Minister said.
India and Cyprus share the common objective of bringing about an early reform of the United Nations Security Council.
This is the change.
Banks and NBFCs will not levy high interest on these loans, as Government of India is bearing the cost of underwriting them.
Today, the President and I have had detailed discussions.
And if we impart knowledge about nature to our children then in future they may prove very useful in protecting the environment.
It can be terminated by either Party after giving six months’ prior notice in writing to the other Party.
Secretary Carter briefed Prime Minister on the progress in taking forward the decisions and understandings reached in June this year.
• The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual Summit meetings, including on the margins of multilateral events.
Within hours, the video has generated tremendous interest on platforms such as Twitter and Facebook.
The Prime Minister emphasized that laws and Acts have to be followed up by action.
The Prime Minister said that if man does not nurture nature, then nature reacts in the form of climate change.
Members of the Club des Chefs des Chefs (Club of Presidential Chefs from across the Globe), called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today.
This could form another link to further connect our societies.
In keeping with the PM’s vision to give a boost to spirit of Science, Technology and Innovation across the country, it will be the fifth Indian Science Congress to be addressed by the Prime Minister Shri Modi since he assumed office .
And therefore the most effective medicine that exists for memory recall is relaxation.
The 182 metre statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, will be dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary, at Kevadiya in Narmada District of Gujarat.
Bhagini Nivedita ji also helped the great scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu.
The Prime Minister urged the sportspersons to remember, and keep in touch with the various Gurus, mentors and teachers, who have guided them right from childhood.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Andaman & Nicobar Islands on 29th-30th December 2018.
It is a tremendous honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister ever to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
Atal Ji’s passing away is a personal and irreplaceable loss for me.
This was the fourth of five such interactions.
You will be glad to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha remained 118 percent and that of Rajya Sabha was 74 percent.
India has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy which is driving global growth as well.
In the aftermath of a disaster, disaster responders pour in from all over the world.
Five new Metro Rail Projects covering a total length of over 140 kilometers have been approved.
The nation is always ready to move in the right direction.
This is the seventh interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
India’s economic interests shall be better served by a higher number of arbitration experts and lawyers.
He described GST is an example of Cooperative Federalism.
He visited the Museum and Exhibition, and the Viewers’ Gallery.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated state-of-the-art super speciality Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus hospital in Surat.
Currently, we rank sixth in the production and export of honey.
Speaking about the progress towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore soil health cards have been distributed so far.
He praised Prime Minister Abe for the fact that this project is being launched within such a short time.
He said that as a country, we have to leave no stone unturned to not just reach the last mile but also to work together to eliminate the social stigma attached with this disease.
Different taxes across different states have made goods and services more expensive.
We need to change this mindset.
She rode for 159 days, covering around 300 kilometres every day.
Some people have really benefitted very well from MNREGA budget provisions made by the Government of India for water conservation and water management works.
He urged the children to ensure that the adulation and fame that they are getting, should not become an obstacle to their future progress.
Wheneverthere will be reference to Hockey,the story will remain incomplete without a mention of these legends.
Presence of President Ramaphosa on the Republic Day and participation as the Chief Guest, is a symbol of our shared commitment to strengthen our relations.
The world looks to India, and to Yoga, for a durable, and sustainable answer to these problems.
Foreign Direct Investment in India was at the highest level in 2015-16, at a time when global FDI has fallen.
Despite so many hurdles, Rajani did not lose heart & went ahead with her training in boxing.
See, the exam you are going to appear at is the exam of what you have studied during this whole year.
I specially thank you for your phone call.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished people on World Health Day.
All our sportspersons gave their best and played very well.
His phenomenal contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
PM said “this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of the people of our country for the cause of freedom”.
He expressed confidence that the people and the State of Gujarat would emerge even stronger and successfully tackle the challenge posed by the floods.
However, legal reforms can deliver desired results only when there is an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism.
This in turn requires widening the ambit of legal education in India.
He said this would eliminate middlemen, and result in savings for the government.
The mechanism of Japan Plus has also helped in the process of hand holding.
The National War Memorial, near India Gate in New Delhi, is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who laid down their lives defending the nation, post-independence.
He stated that the close and mutually beneficial India-Malaysia ties are based on the strong foundation of shared values, interests and vibrant people-to-people relations.
Most of the taxpayers in India would be benefitted by this decision.
Regional multi-lateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a central role in helping to raise resources.
This in itself is a great example of the changing ecosystem.
The government has stressed upon bringing more foreign investment in the country.
The Prime Minister said that Pakyong Airport would greatly ease connectivity to Sikkim.
India’s core values are rooted in our civilizational heritage.
14. Security of the country is our priority.
Best wishes.
He said that for India, this is not just an industrial transformation, but a social transformation.
The Special Notified Zone at the Bharat Diamond Bourse became operational in November, 2015.
The national flags of many countries were together hoisted at the Kumbh.
We will be hosting a global mobility conference this year.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment linkages, we have revised the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
I assure that the Government of India stands committed for extending all necessary support for efforts of the state in tackling these diseases.
The whole country was concerned about saving Tomy.
The Prime Minister tweeted that the Centre has assured all support to the Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation and that the situation is being monitored closely.
Oil ministers from developing countries know the sensitivity of energy pricing.
Applauding the various social initiatives carried out by the Dawoodi Bohra community, Prime Minister said that various efforts are taken by the government to ensure improved living standards for citizens, especially the poor and needy.
Once again, my best wishes to all of you on the occasion of Ramnavami.
The children can be made to take the stairs instead of taking the lift.
The PM-SYM along with the health coverage provided under ‘Ayushman Bharat’ and life & disability coverage provided under ‘Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana’ and ‘Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana, will ensure comprehensive social security coverage for the workers in the unorganized sector at their old age.
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
More than forty countries have sent their official delegations as well.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Signing of Agreement between the India and Ukrain for cooperation in Agriculture and Food Industry.
The Army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers.
But, it is a greater honour to have the opportunity to speak with you.
After hockey, good news for India also came in badminton.
The European Investment Bank has lent over one billion Euros to India towards environmentally sustainable projects including the Lucknow Metro.
Defence and Security Cooperation
Investments through our “Make in India” initiative, have been well supported by programmes like ‘Digital India’ and ‘Skill India’.
The Prime Minister appreciated the State Government, and all other agencies for the response to the flood situation so far.
I congratulate Ecological Protection Organization, their entire team and the people of Chandrapur.
He is likely to unveil a plaque to mark the launch of some visitor facilities.
The molecular oncology department of the institute was designated a “Centre of Excellence” in 2007 by the Union Government.
India’s defence preparedness is guided by these thoughts.
But it is good that the monsoon is moving ahead on schedule on its natural course.
He said this target was recently accomplished in about 17,000 villages.
Given global uncertainties, India also needs energy security.
As we implement the Sendai Framework, we would welcome new opportunities for regional and international collaboration.
“I bow to the venerable Loknayak JP on his Jayanti.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
Jan Dhan Revolution is a historic movement to bring the poor, downtrodden and marginalised into the financial mainstream.
With the same spirit, I had started a similar movement by name of VANCHE GUJARAT when I was Chief Minister of the State.
The situation is being monitored closely.
E-commerce and trans-border mobility of people is resulting in increased cross border transactions.
My dear countrymen, I will be back amidst you next month, with another episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat.’
In the Monsoon session, this time, everyone jointly presented an ideal approach.
Exchanged by
This award is given by the UN body ‘Food & Agriculture Organisation’ – FAO.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode approach to the 100 most backward districts in India.
He encouraged them to devote their energies to work in coordination with other government agencies to improve the quality of life in their villages.
They have always displayed a unique spirit in times of natural calamities like storms, cyclones, floods and forest fires to extend full assistance to our countrymen.
I greatly welcome the growing ties between our parliamentarians, and between our states and Japan’s prefectures.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will be mutually beneficial to the food processing sector in both countries.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors including PMGSY, housing, coal and power.
Record growth in last two and a half years
He too, greeted the children on Vishwakarma Jayanti, and said it is important to learn various skills.
He said that today’s launch of IPPB is one more step to achieve this objective.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his good wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
The Prime Minister spoke at length about how the Union Government is working for the welfare of the farmers.
We have exceptionally good political and people-to-people relations with each and every country in the ASEAN region.
The Prime Minister said Seva Bhav is a part of our culture.
The Prime Minister said that today, the life of a sportsperson can span several decades.
Such events gained more popularity with the passage of time.
You will witness for yourself the ensuing change.
The beneficiary who takes a loan under the scheme would be provided interest subsidy for loan amount upto Rs. 2 Lakhs.
At a public event to mark the 75th anniversary of the hoisting of Tricolour on Indian soil by Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister released a commemorative postal stamp, coin, and First Day Cover.
The Prime Minister quoted the writer Ramvriksha Benipuri, and the poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to describe the mood that prevailed at that time.
• Nation will not gain anything by standing with those who have plundered the nation.
They expressed confidence that strong India-US partnership will continue to be an important factor for global peace and prosperity.
This spirit of attachment towards the country and fellow countrymen was deeply imbibed in that great person of a very short physical stature.
The capability, commitment & controlling situation through rapid decisions of the NDRF have made them a cynosure of every Indian’s eye, worthy of respect & admiration.
The Prime Minister said that there are ample opportunities in the tourism sector, and the world is keen to come to India.
125 crore Indians will join the rest of the world, in welcoming it with new hope, new energy and new dreams.
Hence it is fitting that Kochi should have a Metro rail facility.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
Skill India aims to ensure that new entrants to the work force have the necessary skills to contribute to the economy of the 21st century.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India has been engaged in ensuring that processed food made in India, matches global quality standards.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters in this hour of grief and sadness.
Actually from Kashmir to Kanyakumari and from Kutch to Kamrup and from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, these 3-4 months have examinations galore.
Our soldiers practiced yoga in Siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
We recognize the need for urgent measures to counter and prevent the spread of terrorism, violent extremism and radicalization.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
A meagre tea vendor; today you will be surprised to know that the lives of more than 70 children are being illuminated through education due to his efforts.
On our part, we would, of course, want greater influx of Japanese investments.
The Prime Minister responded at length to various questions raised by the delegation members.
Friends, to further the principle of Sabka Saath – Sabka Vikaas, on the eve of the new year, Government is bringing some new programmes for the people.
Continued availability of water for agriculture is of importance.
Everyone talks about this but do we not have any responsibility towards conservation of water?
Dear brothers and sisters, in this very way, some farmers from hilly areas of Uttarakhand have become a source of inspiration for the farmers across the country.
Addressing a public meeting, the PM congratulated everyone who has worked for the memorial.
It will not only provide easy movement of trains but also help in the overall development of Bundelkhand region.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that on this occasion, the devotional hymn Vaishnav Jan To, which was so dear to Bapu, had been rendered by artistes in about 150 countries across the world.
Reiterating our resolve to fulfill his dream of a prosperous and developed India, I along with all of you pay tributes to Atalji.
He congratulated everyone associated with the construction of this Statue.
They reaffirmed that being multicultural, multilingual and multi-religious societies, India and Russia bring civilizational wisdom to address modern day challenges.
We are enacting a Goods and Services Tax law, to create an integrated national market.
The ten questions in the Survey are as follows:
India welcomes the world to explore economic opportunities our nation has to offer!
1. Exchange & training of medical doctors, officials, other health professionals and experts;
It has become the main growth engine of the world.
Just a while ago, 16 year old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to scale Everest from the Nepal side.
My many felicitations and best wishes to you.
He said that Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign to provide a permanent house to the poors in cities and villages is underway.
This will also promote the production of high quality medicines, consumables and other medical technology equipment.
• The R&D projects will be aimed at accelerating social transformation by providing solutions through application of science and technology.
He added that for the Union Government, decisions are about national interest and not political gains.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
In this mutual and global pursuit I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a perfect partner.
He said that the officers present in the gathering today have delivered leadership, despite often having to operate in an environment of negativity.
After unveiling a plaque to mark the inauguration, the Prime Minister travelled, and walked on the bridge for a few minutes.
In this context, he mentioned initiatives taken by the Government such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Swachh Bharat Mission, insurance schemes, Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, and the recently launched Saubhagya Yojana.
I have asked all concerned officers in the Government to focus their attention to this task.
The Prime Minister explained how the Union Government is focused on improving ease of doing business, and ease of living for the citizens.
It also provides for getting the name of the company struck off from the Registrar of Companies after setting balance liabilities of TSPL.
We need to support such initiative and leadership through policies and practices.
He also encouraged the jawans to innovate, so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
The Government and people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and greater prosperity.
We have moved towards digital platformsin fuel retail and payments.
UAE is one of our most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
