He said that Shri Inamdar had imbibed this principle in his life and his life is a source of inspiration.
The Prime Minister answered various questions posed by the members of the delegation in detail.
Our UPI or United Payments Interface system, as well as the BHIM app and RuPay cards, are also showing the real potential of the digital economy in India.
It is painful to see people affected by a disaster.
This will prove to be extremely important for both the countries considering the shared cultural heritage of both the countries.
Germany ranks 7th among countries investing in India.
In today's chaotic and fast-paced life, yoga brings peace to one's life by connecting the mind, body, and intellect.
According to estimates by the World Bank and IMF, this acceleration will continue.
Defence and security cooperation
Most of the complaints are related to poor service quality, connectivity, and service interruption of landline connections.
The Prime Minister participated in detailed and separate review meetings on the flood situation in the states of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland throughout the day.
The government has set a target to expand piped natural gas to 10 million households in the next five years.
The Prime Minister said that there is a need for all of us to inculcate in ourselves the spirit that "cleanliness is our responsibility."
Almost the maximum number of taxpayers in India are going to benefit a lot from this.
We have done good work in the field of wildlife conservation.
Investors are expecting growth and macroeconomic stability.
This is in addition to the amount of ₹100 crore announced by the Home Minister on 12 August 2018.
He said that in these cases, large sums of money held back could have been used for the welfare of the poor.
Every assistance is being provided to the state government to deal with this crisis.
The 1.25 billion citizens of India will welcome with new resolutions, new enthusiasm, new zeal, new dreams.
Aviation fuel demand is expected to quadruple by 2040, driven by growth in the aviation sector.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination is very strong in many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, etc.
Space technology will connect with the lives of our people in this region.
17. Both sides welcomed the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Small and Medium Business Corporation of Russia.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to a very dear event.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
A comprehensive rapid transit system is therefore necessary to cope with the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
He said that the District Mineral Foundation will help the poor and tribal people in a big way.
Recent trends indicate that Asian centres such as Hong Kong and Singapore have emerged as priority sites for arbitration.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
Therefore, it is appropriate that Kochi should have a metro rail facility.
He welcomed the celebration of 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
You must have also been happy and satisfied to hear about such a huge sale of Khadi and hand-loom at the same store.
He stressed that 'We, the People', that is, we the people, must also act in accordance with the expectations that our guardian - the Constitution - has for us.
India contributes six per cent of global fish production.
I want to tell you all about its extremely positive results.
He said that organizing such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of debate among our youth.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development in Patna.
In such a positive atmosphere, amidst a series of positive events, today we are celebrating the festival of independence.
An increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
These achievements have been made ahead of some major recent reforms.
He was appointed a permanent judge of the Gauhati High Court on 28 February 2001.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the love he received in Kutch was unparalleled.
A Drishyakala museum has also been built in this Kranti Mandir.
Our past has always been moderately woven inward.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore families will be provided health insurance of 5 lakh per family every year.
The committee has also appreciated the steps taken by the Prime Minister to make the government machinery corruption-free through demonetisation and anti-corruption measures.
Through the interaction, the farmers will get an opportunity to meet the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been made possible in the state due to various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Crop Insurance Scheme, and Saubhagya.
He hoped that the medal winners would not get lost in the glare of fame and awards and would focus all their attention on excellence.
The establishment of this Joint Working Group will help in resolving the matter related to the terrorist attack.
Somnath has 20,000 followers on social media.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that work is going on at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has a house by 2022.
The people of Meghalaya have made significant contributions to our country.
He said that the projects being inaugurated today are very auspicious for the cooperative union.
Under this, more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance cover of more than $7,000 per year.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of the mission.
In this context, the Prime Minister drew attention to the International Solar Alliance and said that India and France are working together in this direction.
Referring to the ongoing Poshan Maah, the Prime Minister said that the momentum that has come during this campaign should not diminish.
In the 23rd meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of consumer-related grievances.
In addition, I look forward to meeting with the leaders of nine other countries, including the BRICS countries, at the Emerging Market and Developing Countries Dialogue hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
I am pleased with the large participation of energy ministers, heads of international organizations and CEOs from oil producing and consuming countries.
We are also happy to share with you India's holistic healthcare traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda.
The theme of IEF-16 is' The Future of Global Energy Security '.
He said that our goal has been to double the income of farmers and make the life of farmers easier.
Earlier today, I announced Air India's direct flights from Colombo to Varanasi.
He reiterated Shri Inamdar's mantra of "Without Sanskar, No Sahakar."
He also said that several announcements have been made in the budget to meet this objective.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
He hailed the Prime Minister as a great leader and a "world leader."
Today, the government is using Direct Benefit Transfer for 59 different schemes.
Our parents insist on focusing on studies and academics even today.
Today, there has been a detailed discussion between the President and me.
I would once again urge you to take the campaign of Khadi further and increase it.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
The Prime Minister will first launch the new Bhabhatron Precision Technology (Multi Leaf Collimator).
Just two days ago, I wrote a letter to all the governments and leaders of the world regarding Yoga Day.
He also spoke of several other projects, including roads and Namami Gange related projects, which were either inaugurated or the foundation stone was laid today.
He acknowledged that this was the single greatest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region.
Given the huge size and scale of requirements in India, there is every possibility of additional gains for investors.
Rather, it should strive to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
He said that with better connectivity in the Northeast, the region will also be connected to the economy of Southeast Asia.
He said he was committed to providing affordable healthcare to the poor and middle class.
Trade unions thus recognised will be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
In this context, he referred to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
Thereafter, the Prime Minister will visit Anjar.
And for this, you people will also have to take strict steps.
It is not possible if the family in the family always denies the child and expects the neighbourhood to respect the child.
This will facilitate students interested in cinema from the northeastern states.
If we practice asanas and pranayama regularly, we can maintain good health as well as protect ourselves from many diseases.
India has moved up 42 places to be in the top 100 of the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business Report 2018 over the past three years.
Friends, This is the first conference of its kind in this part of the country.
He said a strong America would be beneficial to the entire world.
He said that the deep and mutually beneficial relationship between India and Malaysia is based on shared values, interests and strong vibrant people-to-people contacts.
He hoped that the government would soon achieve the target of 100% rural road connectivity.
It brings goodwill to the society by making the families sensitive towards the society.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre would play an important role in spreading Dr. Ambedkar's vision and education.
Plastic is now becoming the biggest threat to humanity.
He also asked senior officers of the central government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
Cyprus also reciprocated warmly and amicably.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will also launch an air service between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
In the spirit of regional cooperation, India will soon launch the South Asia Satellite.
The Prime Minister will offer prayers in front of the 'Statue of Unity'.
This allowed more and more Indians to hoist their national flags.
The salient features of this tunnel are as follows:
Jan-Dhan Kranti is the historic movement to bring the poor, the oppressed and the underprivileged into the financial mainstream.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Archaeological Survey of India has done significant work in the last 150 years.
Nikki Haley conveyed US President Trump's best wishes to Prime Minister Modi during the meeting.
We are improving governance by increasing access to digital technology to improve end-to-end delivery in society.
The identified areas of mutual cooperation include safe and sustainable infrastructure and integrated water management.
Similarly, when you are strong as a country, you can be peaceful with everyone.
He said that for India, there is not only an industrial transformation but also a social transformation.
Speaking on the occasion, he congratulated the countrymen and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and development and will yield results soon.
I see in front of me, a very large number of Bal-Kanhaiya are also present here.
It has become the world's main growth engine.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
And last year was also the silver jubilee of our diplomatic relations.
The Prime Minister said that with the efforts of the government, India has emerged as a shining star of the global economy.
From this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Buddha, our brave peacekeepers have spread the message of peace and harmony across the world.
Remembering Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji's call, many young people of Andaman had dedicated themselves to India's independence.
Uttarakhand has anyway been the main centre of yoga for many decades.
Two days later, along with Pujya Bapu, we will also celebrate Shastriji's birth anniversary.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong advocate of a multilateral trading system.
He urged the states to take steps in this direction.
You have never had an opportunity like this in your life.
It has also started yielding good results.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased 4 times.
I hope the industry will be in constant touch with him.
46. Together, we will build an India that is free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
I see immense potential for investors that has not yet been tapped.
In our country, there is a natural respect for the army, for the security forces.
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
The results are already visible.
His indomitable courage is a source of inspiration.
Atal ji was a true patriot.
During the interaction, Shri Narendra Modi said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana-National Rural Livelihoods Mission has been launched in all the states.
This enthusiasm will bring about a positive change and a sense of responsibility, he added.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the steps being taken for the Scheduled Castes and Other Backward Classes.
Maharashtra, one of the largest states in the country, has also made effective plans for this at its own level.
When you read inside, you will learn how today our youth try to change the life of an ordinary person by using technology smartly and creatively.
It contains the original verses of the Bhagavad-gita, including the Tika.
This is Prime Minister Modi's second bilateral visit to Germany.
Brothers and sisters, In this year's budget, a big decision has been taken to give farmers a fair price for their crops.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a huge fan of football.
From the water to the mountains, people welcomed the sun's rays early in the morning through yoga.
He said the central government has decided that the minimum support price (MSP) for all scheduled crops will be at least 1.5 times the cost.
The MoU will create a mechanism and help in increasing scientific collaboration between R & D and academic institutions of India and Canada.
A new medical college will be opened between every 3 districts.
In fact, my personal attachment to Japan's leadership, government, industry, and people goes back almost a decade.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
I went to the Krishi Unnati Mela held in Delhi recently.
These include:
He said all the stakeholders associated with the health sector are working together to bring about a radical change in the sector.
• The cow is considered to be the mother in our country.
He referred to the various steps taken by the Central Government against black money, including the demonetisation of currency, in the last three years, and the crackdown on elements indulging in corruption.
From cause lists to case law, the lawyer's library is now a click away from your mobile.
The Japan Plus system has also helped in the process of cooperation.
He appealed to the Indian diaspora to inspire at least five foreign families to visit India every year.
The same game is known by different names, in different places.
Some send photos of the children's efforts, while others tell a story of the team efforts of the youth.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the centenary celebrations of Patna University.
All major agencies such as the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB) have projected India's growth rate at 7 to 8 per cent in the near future.
Areas of youth-based cooperation include the movement of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in charge of youth-related policymakers from one country to another.
In Port Blair, the Prime Minister laid a wreath at the Martyrs' Column and visited the Cellular Jail.
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), as well as several well-known agencies such as Moody's, have also expressed their confidence in India's economic journey.
A list of 26 islands has been prepared for overall development.
It has been one of the countries with the highest growth rates in the Eurozone in 2016.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for providing technical and financial assistance for the project.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar for a lifestyle of discipline and development.
Kochi was selected as a smart city in January 2016 under the first round of the challenge process.
The Ayushman Bharat scheme will provide vast investment opportunities in health infrastructure, medical device manufacturing, and healthcare.
The prospect of rapid growth places a huge responsibility on India's energy sector.
The Paika Rebellion was waged in Odisha against the British Raj in 1817.
This railway line will prove to be Tripura's gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
His unwavering courage and patriotism have secured our country.
Starting a new business in India is now easier than ever.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan for membership of the International Energy Group.
Once the project is commissioned, the customs administration of both countries will commit to take it forward.
The Indian soldiers showed the world that they were second to none when it came to war.
Last year was the birth centenary year of Nelson Mandela.
In his message, he said, I pay homage to Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
An enabling alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
The Prime Minister assured the athletes that the government would provide them with all necessary assistance and facilities.
This time it was unforgettable for me to celebrate Diwali with the security forces in the Gurez sector of Jammu and Kashmir.
Friends, Our shared heritage of culture and trade will be stronger in the future as will the emotional bonds between us.
At the same time, there is excitement that joint talks are to be held with India-Indonesia executive officers (CEOs).
Due to demand and technology, there is also a huge change in the nature of jobs in our country.
The Prime Minister said that he had fulfilled the promise of 'One Rank One Pension' for ex-servicemen and was happy to be able to fulfil it.
We salute the will and determination of all individuals and organisations working to protect the environment.
18. It will be aligned with the proposed National Health Protection Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
He popularised India's musical traditions globally.
He said that Kashi is now emerging as a health centre.
The high-level review meeting was attended by officials from the PMO, NITI Aayog and other ministries.
A 182-metre-tall statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel will be dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary at Kevadiya in Narmada district of Gujarat.
They have shown that when the goal is set, the motivation is high, and the resolve is in the mind, it can be accomplished.
The Prime Minister said that yoga improves concentration.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis has been laid on working at a fast pace on better infrastructure and emotional connect for the entire North Eastern Region.
Non-communicable diseases, including cardiovascular disease and cancer of children;
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister of Portugal António Costa visited the Champalimaud Foundation in Lisbon today.
The whole year has been hard work, now the opportunity has come to tell, this should be the festival of such enthusiasm.
He specifically called for an innovative approach in areas such as skill development and tourism.
I am happy that so many participants from India and abroad have taken the time to come here.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation to attend our first ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
All the best and blessings to Hanaya.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions so that commercial matters can be settled at the earliest.
And what was a focal point of all these great men?
The world today is also grappling with the twin challenges of terrorism and climate change.
The Prime Minister said that he wants to warn the country that some elements are trying to create undue pressure on the judiciary.
This is also saving crores of rupees of the large consumer class belonging to the poor and middle class.
Conversely, if a person cleanses the dirt around him, he gains energy, and he himself does not accept the existing adversities.
With the potential of the people, their aspirations are being fulfilled at a record pace.
The expectations of the country at this time, the feelings of passing something, are also natural.
Solar photovoltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
His visit is significant for both countries as our strategic partnership completes a decade.
India is the third-largest economy by purchasing power parity (PPP).
Supply chain efficiencies are critical in any manufacturing enterprise.
My dear countrymen, the coming few months are very important for farmer brothers and sisters.
It plans to source about 25 per cent of its total energy needs from renewable sources, particularly solar power.
He said that Amul is not only associated with milk processing but is also a great model of empowerment.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and hard work of our farmers for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
It was Veer Savarkar who fearlessly wrote that whatever happened in 1857 was not a rebellion but the first war of independence.
We have to take people along, people along, every section of the society along, and with that we have to take the country forward.
Peacekeeping operations are not an easy task.
I am happy that today this resolution is being fulfilled.
Shri Modi will unveil the plaque to mark the service for the 3 billionth meal by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodaya Temple.
For how many years did the law hang on the benami property holders?
His death was saddening.
He complimented them for their dedication towards education as well as making it a life mantra.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversaries.
The exam you are going to take is an examination of what you have studied throughout the year.
The Prime Minister said that the work of social service should be a matter of pride for all.
I bow to all those heroes with all my heart and respect.
The kind of affection, the reverence and the feeling of grief that spread all over the country for Atal ji reflects his huge personality.
Security and defence cooperation have given an emerging new dimension to our relations.
He said that the brand of Amul is known all over the world and has become a source of inspiration all over the world.
The MoU was signed on 25th September, 2018.
Acknowledging the congratulations of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed happiness that they have come from all parts of the country to meet him.
Third, the Prime Minister laid special emphasis on private sector participation in gas distribution.
As soon as you see it, your disappointment will turn into faith.
The Prime Minister appealed to the people to provide assistance to unorganized sector workers working in the vicinity to register.
But whenever I look at the impact of 'Mann Ki Baat', I firmly believe that 'Mann Ki Baat' is 100 per cent connected with the people of this country.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida on the occasion.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lahartara.
But having the opportunity to talk to you is an even greater honor.
Sports are still considered a waste of time in society.
Our beloved leader, the former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji, had clearly said that human rights are not an alien concept to us.
As part of the government's plan to ensure clean drinking water supply for all, the Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of a pipeline water supply scheme in rural areas of the Bundelkhand region.
He said that as a result of these programmes, India has jumped 42 places in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last 4 years.
Today, 11 August is associated with an important date for history.
His calm approach to the game will definitely help the entire team.
On the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, 2nd October, 2018, the Prime Minister's programmes will focus on events related to sanitation and renewable energy.
He had also released a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
For this, I thank Kidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
Reading helps people broaden their thinking.
It will facilitate effective institutional interactions between India and Thailand.
I will also address the Indian community.
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
This reason is the result of our fight against black money.
The Central Government has decided to celebrate 7th March, 2019 as Jan Aushadhi Diwas across the country to create awareness and promote the use of generic medicines.
He urged all the officers to accelerate the adoption of Government e-Marketplace (GIM) in their respective departments.
The number of new taxpayers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
I have shared with you a strong commitment to take our bilateral relations to a new level.
Now about three thousand small and big traders have got this privilege through the new Special Notified Zone.
We are also carrying out the work of reconstruction and rejuvenation of Dal Lake.
It is a good opportunity for sports lovers to watch exciting matches.
Later in 1945, when the freedom struggle gained momentum, he prepared a revised copy of the idea.
He said that women now have a huge opportunity to earn extra income as the time spent in the kitchen has come down.
They also agreed to broaden their efforts to further develop existing linkages through already established mechanisms to create the largest possible platform for future relations.
The Prime Minister quoted author Ramvriksh Benipuri and poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to express the mood at that time.
A lot of people have written to me showing their support for this, sent letters, also shared their fitness mantra - Fit India stories on social media.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close mutual cooperation in areas such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
The alliance of Made in India and Made by Japan has already started working brilliantly.
He asked the Ministry of Urban Development to actively monitor it with sensitivity.
He said that during the current financial year, states are receiving more than Rs 11 lakh crore from the Centre, which represents an increase of about Rs 6 lakh crore over the last year of the previous government.
This payment was ensured to the farmers through sugar mills.
I will go to Haifa today to pay homage to our brave soldiers.
All this will affect the demand for energy.
Speaking on the occasion, Shri Narendra Modi said that our minds are not ready to accept that Shri Vajpayee is no more with us.
He expressed happiness that the states are now organizing investor conferences.
To make our comprehensive strategic partnership objective and action-oriented, we have shaped an ambitious roadmap.
A legacy that connects our society across generations and centuries.
We are bringing the Goods and Services Tax law to create a unified national market.
The total sales of Khadi and handicrafts have also seen an increase of about 90% this year from the previous year.
Both sides took stock of the recent investments made by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing sector in the Russian Far East.
Together, we will build an India that is clean, healthy and fulfils the dream of Swaraj.
The objective of the MoU is to promote innovation, creativity and economic development in both countries.
It has the potential to create a better society and nation.
Society and the family need to pay attention to this.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar will give impetus to the industrial development of Odisha and work towards using technology to improve the quality of life of the people.
Our understanding and awareness of other traditions and cultures of the country increases when a work like Encyclopedia of Hinduism is made available in different languages.
We must pledge to rid India of poverty, filth, corruption, terrorism, casteism, communalism and build a 'New India' by 2022.
After laying the foundation stone of Pakaldul project, the Prime Minister said that today is a unique day when one hydroelectric project has been inaugurated and the foundation stone of another project has been laid.
He said that farmers and scientists need to work together to transform agriculture.
In this context, real-time monitoring of the progress of nutrition outcomes was discussed, especially in the worst performing districts.
The Prime Minister said that the freedom struggle became a people's movement due to the efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi's resolve towards cleanliness.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Finland on Environmental Contribution.
Institutions also contributed to it in a big way.
The Prime Minister said, "Gujaratis celebrate the beginning of the new year on the day after Diwali.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of a public housing project of 624 houses.
For this, the scope of legal education in India needs to be expanded.
May God give them the courage and strength to bear this irreparable loss.
On 30th January, all of us pay homage to the martyrs who laid down their lives for the country by observing 2 minutes silence at 11 am.
I congratulate all the athletes who are coming back with medals.
Historically, temples have played a significant role in our society.
The Prime Minister said that the distinguished reputation earned in the past is not enough, but it is also extremely important to adapt to the emerging challenges.
These projects pertain to various states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
He said that the statue will provide immense opportunity for tourism.
Mahatma Gandhi's thought has inspired the whole world.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy in the world.
The Prime Minister said 1.50 lakh health and wellness centres are being built under Ayushman Bharat.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort, on the 71st Independence Day.
Creating structured mechanisms for communication, mutual sharing of best practices, taking new initiatives for capacity building and launching joint campaigns are topics that can be worked on keeping mutual interests in mind.
The signing of the Trade Measures Agreement today will further strengthen our trade partnership.
The exhibition showcases more than a hundred good practices and imitations.
He attached the highest importance to education and social reform.
In a tweet, the Prime Minister said, the Union Government has assured all possible support to the Government of Bihar in containing the flood situation and the situation is being closely monitored.
The government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 per cent to 25 per cent.
It is changing the supply perspective;
He also spoke about the benefits that will be ensured by the other development projects launched today.
Thousands of children made paintings.
Thank you, Nandri.
He unveiled a roadmap for the overall development of the tribes during the next five years.
Brazil is one of our most important economic partners in Latin America.
I have fond memories of working with Shri M. Venkaiah Naidu in the party and government.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to progress around the world, but retain their Indianness.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the youth will take India to new heights in the 21st century.
This has been possible due to the close cooperation between the central government and the state governments as well as all the political parties.
Given the global uncertainties, India needs energy security.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Unnati Melas pave the way for a New India.
Referring to the achievements in the field of sanitation, the Prime Minister said that since 2014, the coverage of clean areas has increased from 40 per cent to 80 per cent.
This will not only facilitate the movement of trains but will also help in the all-round development of the Bundelkhand region.
Our security forces have been given full freedom.
The framework agreement was signed on 3 September 2016.
Since its inception, more than 7 lakh poor patients have been benefitted in just 100 days.
The Prime Minister will visit an exhibition on "Technology and Rural Life."
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate Agreement as a shared heritage of the entire world and hoped that it will be a new ray of hope for the next generation.
The birthplace is in Patna, the karmabhoomi is in North India and the last moment of life is in Nanded.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with a signed bat, a ball and a team jersey bearing the name of the Prime Minister.
He outlined the benefits of the Swachh Bharat Mission in the health and tourism sectors.
Being a market economy, our needs and strengths complement each other.
Don't let this opportunity pass you by, friends.
His powerful knock in the semi-finals will always be remembered.
I urge all of you to participate enthusiastically in this campaign.
Considering the development of the pharma industry and bio-pharma industry in both countries and the importance of bilateral cooperation in trade, production, R & D in the pharma sector, the two countries have been trying to create a formal mechanism for bilateral cooperation.
Under Ayushman Bharat's comprehensive primary health care, we will provide prevention and treatment of diseases near people's homes at the primary level.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are strong examples of this.
At this time, the entire country stands with the people of the North East.
To create world-class universities in the field of education, we have taken a major step towards freedom from shackles.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Ghazipur.
Somewhere there is a story of an innovation regarding cleanliness or news of a change brought about by an officer's passion.
Now a lot of positive change is being seen in the society regarding digital transactions as well.
He said that there is a strong need to create proper blueprints at the district level so that we can understand our diverse talents and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a section of the new Magenta Line of the Delhi Metro on 25 December.
Our goal is to provide every poor and homeless family with a house with toilet, water and electricity facilities by 2022.
She is also doing a skill development course along with it.
India has shown tremendous resilience at a time when the global economy is in a period of uncertainty.
The Prime Minister of Mauritius, Mr. Pravind Jugnauth, will be the Chief Guest at the 15th edition of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas Conference.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
This will put an end to the issue that has been pending for almost 24 years.
The entire world celebrates it as World Yoga Day.
This was also a feat done by our soldiers in the direction of peace.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian economy grew at a healthy rate of 7. 7 per cent in Q4 of 2017-18.
This time in the monsoon session, everyone has put together a model.
The Prime Minister extended his heartiest congratulations to all those associated with this magnificent feat.
The Prime Minister's Relief Fund will provide assistance at the rate of ₹2 lakh to the family of each deceased and ₹50,000 to the seriously injured.
It takes years for a case to be decided.
The Air Force also gave a befitting reply to the enemy in 1965.
Support in the development of human resources and health services and the establishment of health facilities.
Earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
During the interaction, the women crew members gave a presentation based on various dimensions of the mission such as preparation, training and experience during the journey.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed the progress in India-China relations from a strategic and long-term perspective.
We are both democratic countries full of diversity.
New laws have been made, old laws have been made more stringent.
The entire country is saluting the indomitable courage of Meena ji, the wife of Shaheed Prasanna Sahu of Jagatsinghpur, Odisha.
During the last three years, everyone has made efforts in their own way towards water conservation and water management.
The Prime Minister spoke of his visit to the Tsunami Memorial - the Wall of Lost Souls - just before arriving at the ceremony.
7. Any other area of cooperation on the basis of mutual decision.
Food processing is the way of life in India.
He said that Mahatma Gandhi had merged the streams of Jan Bhagidari and Jan Andolan.
Interacting simultaneously with beneficiaries and store owners across more than 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that to ensure the availability of high-quality medicines at low prices, the government has taken two major steps.
He said that the youth of India is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights.
Continuous availability of water is important for agriculture.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Expo.
Maybe, these words of mine today will also work as a relaxation for you.
Efficiency in the use of energy is essential.
I appreciate all the people and organizations engaged in the construction of more and more toilets in different parts of the country.
The two leaders will attend a public ceremony on 14 September to mark the start of construction in India of India's high-speed rail project running between Ahmedabad and Mumbai.
More than 40 countries have also sent their official delegations.
In this context, I heartily congratulate F.S.S.A.I for this initiative.
Similarly, on 25 December, the death of Sulagitti Narasamma of Karnataka was reported.
The Prime Minister will interact with various stakeholders associated with the mission.
I commend the Ministry of Urban Development under the leadership of Venkaiah ji for the Value Capture Finance Policy Framework.
The Prime Minister said that the focus of the government is to provide an affordable health care system for the poor.
The 'BHIM-Aadhaar App' remains a marvel for digital transactions within the world.
Immediately after Diwali, our country has witnessed the historic Shuddhi Yajna.
A small tea seller, today you will be surprised to know that education is shining in the lives of more than 70 children.
The funds will be used for repair, maintenance and strengthening of roads, highways, bridges and other infrastructure.
He congratulated all those associated with the construction of this statue.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without any collateral or guarantee.
Indian youth have excelled in this field thanks to their cutting-edge and out-of-the-box thinking.
The Suraksha Bima Yojana has provided risk insurance to crores of people who desperately need it.
Today I got the opportunity to launch a new Chartered Accountancy course curriculum.
It is playing a huge role for Gramodaya.
The name of the selected bank will be released as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro fare card and app.
The Prime Minister also said that these facilities will also attract tourists.
The Prime Minister paid a thorough visit to the memorial.
Sinhala and Tamil were the court languages.
"Congratulations to Donald Trump on assuming office as the President of the United States of America.
The Prime Minister told the board members of USISPF that India and the US have benefited greatly from economic cooperation.
The Prime Minister conveyed his and the people of India's deepest condolences for the loss of life and property caused by the recent earthquake and tsunami in the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
He complimented the people of the state for declaring Jammu and Kashmir open defecation free in September 2018.
First, the size of the cabinet in the states was restricted to 15 per cent of the total assembly seats.
School children belonging to Atal Tinkering Labs shared their inventions with the Prime Minister.
India is moving ahead on all these points towards economic recovery.
He called for all issues related to Iran's nuclear program to be resolved through peaceful means and dialogue.
"Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his birth anniversary.
Addressing the gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the conference as a new beginning towards the public sector.
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone for expansion of Amul manufacturing facilities at Anand and Khatraj.
Another example of a broader scale is India's renewable energy programme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event organised by the Press Council of India, on the occasion of National Press Day.
The Prime Minister said India will celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi from 2nd October.
It contributes to our energy security.
This will deliver clean fuels (PNG) to homes, industries, and commercial units.
Training for employment and self-employment is being imparted with an aim to meet the aspirations of the youth for a better life.
India's economic interests can be better served by the large number of arbitration experts and lawyers available.
The presentation made by the CEO of NITI Aayog highlighted that significant progress has been made in many areas.
Cars manufactured in India by Japanese carmakers are already on sale in Japan.
Let us now join hands much closer and stronger.
We look forward to continuing our engagement with our other development partners, including AIIB.
There they will unveil a plaque to mark the launch of certain features for visitors.
Let us take the positivity forward.
You're right.
You speak in one of the oldest living classical languages in the world.
Biofuels actually reduce the dependence of imports on crude oil.
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
Speaking to the media at the Ahmedabad airport, the Prime Minister said that Gujarat has faced heavy rains in the last week.
Therefore, Make-in-India is stronger than ever for India and for the supply of the world.
Under this mission, an insurance cover of up to ₹5 lakh per family per year will be provided for hospitalization in the second and third phases.
India has managed to improve its rating after a long wait.
Who doesn't know the sense of adventure.
He said that the officers present in today's conference have provided the right leadership despite working in an atmosphere of negativity.
Currently, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
India itself has been battling cross-border terrorism for decades.
And if we give nature information to children, maybe they can come in handy in protecting the environment.
He saw an important place for the youth in the field of nation-building.
Broken into a small nomadic community in the isolated areas of the Nilgiri Plateau of South India, their settlements are traditionally made up of locally available items.
We are a young country.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Jugnauth affirmed the shared commitment to strengthen the time-tested and unique relationship between India and Mauritius.
We are at a time where diamonds are being used in glasses, watches and pens.
This number is expected to double in the next 10 years.
The energy intensity of economies will change with a focus on green energy and energy efficiency.
We have achieved more capacity in renewable energy than in conventional energy during 2017.
I thank Chief Minister Ramyaiah ji and his entire government for organizing this event and for the cooperation and efforts made to make it a success.
We are also working together on UN Security Council reforms.
The interest rate on these will also be lower as the cost of the guarantee is borne by the central government.
The Prime Minister has suggested faster work in the field of electronic toll collection.
And therefore, brothers and sisters, it is very important to create confidence in the minds of the common man of the country by ending the distortions in our system.
India's per capita income has doubled in the last 10 years.
I am happy to visit this great country once again.
He said that only those who respect women can truly take pride in the opening words of Swami Vivekananda's address, "Brothers and Sisters of America."
The Prime Minister said the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme will transform the health sector.
He called upon the children to study hard and develop interest in sports at the same time.
And I know how much an action against black money can do to any political party to eliminate shell companies.
The Indian side welcomed the decision to open an office of the Far East Agency in Mumbai.
India's test was successful and in a way, India had demonstrated its strength in the field of science and technology.
More than 90% of approvals are automatically routed.
14. Other areas of cooperation as mutually decided.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate 50 Health and Wellness Centres in Arunachal Pradesh.
I am confident that a strong India and a strong Japan will also bring stability to Asia and the world.
From a foreign investor's point of view, India is considered an extremely low-risk political economy.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Afghanistan on Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
He said that the government is fulfilling special requirements to bring the North Eastern Region on par with other states of the country.
India has always been committed and dedicated to peace.
He stressed the importance of positive news for a vibrant and happy country.
Swiss Bank has reported that deposits by Indians have reached an all-time low.
5. Both countries called on all countries to reduce global tensions and encourage the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency, and openness in inter-state relations.
You have imbibed our culture and made it your own.
Members of the Club de Chef de Chef (CCC), the chefs' club of heads of state from around the world, called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today.
The two countries signed 12 agreements.
Under this programme, about 10 million households have been provided with gas connections in just seven months.
The Prime Minister has also greeted the people of Andhra Pradesh.
Shri Modi said that on humanitarian grounds, five solar and one thousand rupee old notes will be accepted for last rites in government hospitals, medicine shops of government hospitals (with doctor's prescription), railway ticket booking windows, government buses, air ticket booking windows, petrol, diesel and gas stations of public sector oil companies, central or state government-approved consumer cooperative stores, state government-approved milk booths, crematoriums and cemeteries.
I urge all of you to also participate in this celebration of 'Run for Unity' mutual goodwill.
Friends, The poor and middle-class consumers have also benefited financially by curbing inflation.
In this context, the Prime Minister also talked about the initiatives taken in the field of air connectivity and water connectivity.
The passion for football is quite deep in Portugal.
This is change.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the scheme for setting up new medical colleges attached with existing district / referral hospitals.
He later addressed a huge public meeting at a function organised to dedicate the Kochi Metro to the nation.
We have to further strengthen this legacy.
India's biggest tax reform i.e. GST has been implemented recently.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that over the years, relations between the two countries have gained momentum.
Be it relief and rescue work or disaster management, our Air Warriors are grateful to the Air Force for their commendable work.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Prime Minister's National Health Protection Mission.
If the US is strong, it will naturally benefit India.
In India, we are increasing connectivity at all levels.
The train is likely to significantly reduce travel time as it runs between the two cities.
The procedures for obtaining clearances from various agencies have been simplified.
For a strong partnership base, we support thriving bilateral trade and investment flows.
This shows our commitment to provide houses to the poor, to the middle class.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of an Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and India on cooperation in the field of agriculture and food industry.
Both sides reiterated that being multi-cultural, multi-lingual and multi-religious societies, India and Russia have brought together civilizational wisdom to address today's challenges.
It is estimated that there are more than two crore engineers and management graduates in our country.
The Founding Conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
Dr. Abdul Kalam worked throughout his life to realize the dream of a developed India.
The remaining land will be managed as per the guidelines of the Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM) and Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) started its funding-related operations in January 2016.
We have focused on removing the barriers that were preventing us from achieving our full potential.
We are very pleased to have this opportunity to enhance our engagement with the Bank and its members.
India is also working on e-mobility.
The Prime Minister will release a document highlighting the achievements of the government.
He appreciated the participation of cities in challenging tasks.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will provide all possible assistance to the states affected by the cyclone.
Many of our festivals uniquely embody the spirit of saving rivers and water.
Together, we will build an India where corruption and nepotism will not be compromised.
We will work towards a qualitatively high level of military-to-military cooperation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today spoke about the benefits of the PM-SYM scheme.
The Maratha Navy was responsible for the protection of these forts.
A number of conferences and seminars have been held on various topics.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investment in the region.
I hope these plastics will continue the exemplary work of curbing pollution.
Temples were usually built on an extensive plot away from the residential area.
Today, sugarcane farmers will be happy that our ethanol production has tripled.
At any time other than farming, he can also earn by selling electricity from solar farming.
Skill India aims to ensure that newcomers to the workforce have the necessary skills so that they can contribute to the 21st century economy.
I have always found meeting you very useful.
The Prime Minister said that it is our endeavour to start development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
One has to go out of the house for the first time, out of the village, out of a protective environment and become one's own charioteer.
Sister Nivedita Ji restored the glory of Indian culture.
We need to ensure that high standards of disaster safety are followed in their construction.
The Prime Minister noted the tremendous technological progress made by Israel, and its long tradition of bravery and martyrdom.
An exhibition on state-of-the-art or futuristic technologies and space exploration will be held which will present an appropriate vision of the future of space travel.
These, as well as other changes, have received the attention of the global community.
Brothers and sisters, Irrigation projects are progressing.
For example, if a firefighting team visits a school in their area every week, it will make schoolchildren sensitive throughout the year.
This new tradition of public participation for our country... It is our effort to take the country forward through public participation.
Over the next couple of months, we will all be busy with electioneering.
This shows that there is still a craze among our youth towards our ancient heritage and our heroic heroes of history.
This reduces their productivity.
His life was dedicated to ending suffering and removing injustice from society.
With this launch, we have embarked on a journey to create the most advanced range of our engagement.
He said that projects worth Rs 12 lakh crore have been speeded up in this way.
Friends, Yoga has shown the world the path of wellness from illness.
I congratulate the Ecological Protection Organization and their entire team and the citizens of Chandrapur.
Enterprises want assurances of the law's pervasiveness in the Indian market.
The use of this bridge will significantly improve connectivity between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh and significantly reduce travel time.
Prime Minister Modi said that his government is committed to ending middlemen and corruption.
Whether it is the thousands of feet high mountains of the Himalayas or the sun-warmed deserts, yoga is enriching every life, in every situation.
Who does not know the struggle for the independence of Bangladesh in 1971.
This will provide the necessary impetus to enhance bilateral trade and investment relations.
You celebrate Indian festivals in your own way.
Armed forces all over the world know the importance of supply chains.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of maintaining "zeal" in the cooperative movement, which he said still persists to a large extent in rural areas.
But if something outside of what you had dealt with came up, a question outside of what you had prepared, you would come down right down.
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce the distance between the two cities, but will also bring people living hundreds of kilometers away closer to each other.
The gems and jewellery sector employs 46 lakh people.
Mr. Joe Yuelle-Draw briefed Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the current state of bilateral defence cooperation.
Both sides agreed to explore opportunities for joint cooperation in forest products including precious metals, minerals, natural resources, timber through joint investments, production, processing and skilled labour.
Major financial agencies have also given their positive feedback about India's growth.
A number of state-level and central-level taxes have been abolished across India.
A 'New India' is emerging.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya united India through the Vedas and the Upanishads.
The Prime Minister directed efficient and strict monitoring of the construction and quality of rural roads.
Incorporation of Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Mizi) in place of 'Momba' in serial number 9.
The Prime Minister said that India should show the world its heritage, its pride, and its faith.
All the best to you for today's contest.
Inspired by this sacrifice, the people extended their hand in service.
The growing convergence between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the potential to provide new impetus to the global economy.
For a healthy and happy humanity, it is our responsibility to further develop the understanding of yoga.
My thoughts are with his family and well-wishers in this hour of grief.
All responsible persons associated with the subject in the government have been asked to focus on normalising the banking system.
Overall, this will give a fillip to the social and economic activities of the state, creating new employment opportunities for the locals.
Gujarat has made significant contributions to the history of the country, especially during the independence movement.
He will attend functions to mark the completion of one year of the state government.
This Bhagiratha effort of cleanliness is a wonderful example of beauty, collectivity and continuity.
He said Swami Vivekananda also raised his voice against social evils.
I hope this will help us move forward.
This feeling of attachment to the country and love for the countrymen was ingrained in the veins of the great man with a small stature.
Benami properties worth over Rs 800 crore have been seized by the government.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Monday reviewed the performance of key infrastructure sectors including petroleum and natural gas, power, renewable energy and housing.
Top officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog, and the Prime Minister's Office briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects of the scheme.
Many congratulations to our country's Finance Minister Arun Jaitley ji for giving a good budget.
The former President of India, Shri Abdul Kalam ji always talked about Nanaji Deshmukh's rural development when he spoke to the youth.
New AIIMS are being opened in different states to provide better treatment and healthcare to people across the country.
The Prime Minister appreciated how poor women have fought all odds with confidence and fortitude.
For this purpose, we have launched the "Make in India" campaign.
I am happy that Bhupen Da has been awarded the Bharat Ratna.
During the last three years, about 150 lakh hectares of land have been benefitted to a large extent through such water conservation and water management measures.
May the blessings of the great Himalayas be with you.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan forward.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia had even talked about mass awareness to ensure better income, better irrigation facilities and all that for our farmers and to increase food and milk production.
As we have done, we are still counted among the fastest growing economies in the world.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic crowd, the Prime Minister said that today he himself is experiencing how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
First of all, on behalf of the House and on my own behalf, I heartily congratulate the newly elected Deputy Chairman, Shri Harivansh ji.
He incorporated almost all aspects of Hinduism into just 11 volumes.
In a way, the whole of India received his blessings.
The Prime Minister said that one-fourth of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector in one country or another.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana envisages water for every farm.
For the last many days, the best aspects of Atal ji have come before the country.
I had thanked all the parties that day as well.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
The following areas of cooperation are covered under the MoU: -
I urge all of you, let's join this initiative.
Together, the two countries are contributing to creating a more connected and wider world than ever before.
This will be the second visit of the Prime Minister to Solapur.
Both sides agreed to strengthen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
India and Cyprus enjoy close economic relations.
Thanks to the immense energy of the youth of our country, we are projecting India as a global manufacturing hub.
People shared with the Prime Minister the hardships caused by the storm.
The outer zone is still quite strong.
It is the responsibility of every political party to identify such leaders among themselves and isolate them from the political journey of their party.
He said that the Quit India Movement, which began in 1942, was the decisive movement.
The Prime Minister said that instead of merely exploiting the resources of nature, one must connect with and follow nature.
As soon as Shastriji's name comes, a sense of boundless reverence rises in the minds of us Indians.
They want to be reassured that the rules will not be changed arbitrarily overnight.
There was a demand for a constitutional seat to the OBC Commission for years.
As a society, as a country, 30th January, 11 o'clock 2 minutes tribute, it should become instinctive.
He listed several initiatives, including the introduction of GST, auction of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development.
They also exchanged views on their own efforts to contribute to regional and global economic development.
This figure is also showing the enthusiasm and inclination of the youth of Tamil Nadu towards self-employment.
I have been saying that this is the twenty-first (21st) century of Asia.
The court's refusal to enforce the ruling can only be made in accordance with international practices.
These projects include The Western Dedicated Freight Corridor and Char Dham Highway Development Project.
The Prime Minister recalled the role played by Indian soldiers in the liberation of Haifa during the First World War.
Significant progress has been made in rural areas under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
This time again, yoga also worked as a world record.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
He said that now Varanasi is among the selected cities where piped cooking gas is being provided.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for everyone to maintain peace.
The India-Japan business delegation will arrive in India on the same day.
Last year, about 3.5 crore people have benefited from it.
It was a constant act of demeaning our culture and making us feel inferior.
There has always been a place for every positive change in our country.
He said that as a society, it is imperative to stay connected with our history.
Even microplastics are now making their way into our basic food like salt, bottled water, and tap water.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
I especially request my young friends to participate in tomorrow's interaction.
The Prime Minister held a meeting with the Chief Minister of the state, Shri Pinarayi Vijayan, and officials of the state government to review the situation arising out of the floods.
He said that the Central Government and the State Governments would be keen to popularise sports.
The Prime Minister and the members of the delegation exchanged views on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
The presentation on 'Energy and Environment' included suggestions related to various energy sources and energy efficiency.
President Temer's visit provides an important opportunity to work in a planned manner.
The Prime Minister will then reach the 'Wall of Unity' and inaugurate it.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
See how many times in the last few minutes I have used such words as the best ever, the most brilliant ever.
I myself did not imagine this widespread flow of spontaneous enthusiasm of people towards yoga.
This month, Vedangi Kulkarni, a 20-year-old daughter from Pune, became the fastest Asian to cycle around the world.
Your contribution is widely valued throughout Sri Lanka and beyond.
Value addition in tourism will only happen when we try to be a learner and not just a visitor.
He made it clear that the government will ensure availability of more seats in educational institutions so that students from other categories are not affected.
This will result in increased competition efficiency and the influence of our marketing companies.
The Prime Minister said that this honour is the honour of the people of India.
Bilal Dar is young but a source of inspiration for everyone interested in cleanliness.
We have launched the Ujjwala scheme, providing cooking gas to 50 million families.
They also agreed to continue efforts to develop clean energy-based systems, renewable energy and fuels, technologies to increase energy efficiency and produce non-polluting energy.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters shall be signed on behalf of the Government of India and that the necessary national legal requirements for the entry into force of this Agreement have been met.
The Prime Minister performed a special puja under the Statue of Unity.
He said that the cooperative movement can play an important role in achieving these objectives.
the exchange of these
Keeping this in mind, the central government is also running the Sagarmala program.
The game was played in almost every state.
My heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
At present, there are 4.5 million self-help groups in rural India with the participation of about 50 million women.
As soon as this campaign is launched, people are invited to send letters and messages to the armed forces.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their businesses.
Together, we will create an India where there will be ample opportunities for the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
Recently, 30 nanosatellites have been launched. '
This time the golden jubilee of the Press Council of India is also being celebrated.
The freedom struggle is more connected to the spirit of our people.
He said that German innovation and Indian young start-ups can provide dynamism in the field of space.
b) An apex post of Controller General of Communications Accounts (CGCA) will also be created.
Giving a befitting reply to those who mocked the Prime Minister's Swachhta Abhiyan announcement from the Red Fort, he said that today due to the elaboration of the Swachhta Abhiyan, 97 per cent of the population now has access to clean toilets.
People affected in disaster and after disaster are using social media to help each other.
He unveiled a logo for the launch of the 'Save Mother Earth and Transfer to Next Generation' programme.
The UAE is one of our most valued allies in a significant part of the world, and a close friend.
Under that scheme, our poor brothers and sisters will get loans, grants, subsidies from the government.
In fact, from Kanyakumari to Kashmir and from Kutch to Kamrup, from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, these three-four months are examinations.
Per capita plastic consumption in India is significantly lower than in many parts of the developed world.
"Saddened by the tragic incident in Etah district of Uttar Pradesh.
The Prime Minister called upon these students to do concrete work in this direction to realize their vision.
It gives me immense pleasure to participate in the inauguration ceremony of the Kochi Metro.
He successfully placed 104 satellites in space through a single rocket launch.
He also elaborated on how all government schemes and initiatives are aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
Today, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
Trade and investment relations between us are getting stronger.
He assisted in the publication and dissemination of Basu's research through his articles and conferences.
Record growth in the last two and a half years
He will inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of various development projects in Kutch today.
Together, we will build an India where there will be no compromise on corruption and nepotism.
DD Arun Prabha will be the 24th channel run by Doordarshan.
The Prime Minister said that hygiene is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
The Prime Minister said that the culture of taking everyone along makes India different from all other countries.
Today's sunrise has brought a new consciousness, new zeal, new enthusiasm, new energy.
The Varanasi Convention Centre project is a symbol of cultural cooperation between the city of Kyoto, Japan, and Varanasi.
The first 100% literate city and the first 100% literate district are from Kerala itself.
There is an occasion to worship Maa Durga.
Shri Narendra Modi said that he was fortunate to have got an opportunity to do social work among tribals in his youth.
I am confident that today's discussions and decisions will give a new direction and depth to our partnership.
A 10% to 5% tax is a bold decision.
The two leaders also discussed ways to counter terrorism and radicalisation, the Prime Minister said.
Strong person-to-person contacts and the presence of a large Indian diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for these relationships.
The Prime Minister agreed that a strong partnership can lead to innovations, economic growth, sustainable solutions, and mutually beneficial trade and investment.
Prime Minister in Assam
Strategic decisions are taken not only in the battlefield, but also in the factories of the defence manufacturing industries.
Don't you think that the movement of honesty needs to be given more strength for the good of the country?
I also want to make a special mention of the hard work of the jawans of the NDRF.
The Prime Minister said that there is immense potential in the tourism sector and the world is keen to visit India.
India has had strong strategic ties with all three countries.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of a 425 km long railway track doubling project on the Jhansi-Manikpur and Bhimsain-Khairar sections.
On a mutually agreed date, the award will be presented to Mr. Modi by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation.
First of all, I express my deepest condolences to those who have died due to the recent earthquake in Aceh.
Even if it is 2 minutes, it also expresses collectiveness, resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
He said India's water cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan.
This is not justice with our rich experience and abundant design talent.
Both sides committed to continue mutual support and coordination in various fora, including in BRICS and ITU.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
The presence and participation of President Ramaphosa as the Chief Guest on Republic Day yesterday is a symbol of our shared commitment to further strengthen our relations.
It may be revoked by one party after six months' written notice to the other party.
Both sides emphasised the importance of continuing the multilateral dialogue on the subject within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional forums.
Through Jan-Dhan Yojana, social security schemes, Mudra and Stand-Up India, we have given wings to millions of aspirations.
It was during his tenure that the timing of the presentation of the budget was changed.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
2nd October of this year has another special significance.
Addressing a huge crowd in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke of the high ambition and willpower of a "New India."
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
Otherwise, the kitchen budget of the common citizen of the country would have increased a lot had inflation continued to rise at the same pace as it was in the previous government.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from the PM-KISAN scheme.
The Russian side expressed interest that Russia would like to participate in the international competitive bidding process when the Ministry of Railways of India decides on projects to increase the speed of trains.
He said that the common man and traders will definitely benefit from this innovative decision.
The Prime Minister will release the Innovation and Startup Policy for the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
The Army has taken a pledge to completely destroy the terrorists and their facilitators.
He said that we also need to value living in harmony with nature and we should not think of short-term benefits.
The new ray of the new year is bringing a resolution of new successes.
The mantra is that society can fight against superstition with faith.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
He hoped that everyone will work together to complete this project in the shortest possible time.
But this is my first time coming to DefExpo.
He said that the Union Government aims to develop Northeast India as a gateway to Southeast Asia.
There is a huge need for roads, railways and waterways.
Three years ago, you gave me the responsibility of Principal Servant.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar's words that we must build a social democracy along with our political democracy.
Friends, In my view and in the vision of our government, the scope of consumer protection is very wide.
Minister of Energy, Saudi Arabia
It's a huge psychological battle.
India has also given many great players to hockey.
The leaders discussed regional and global issues.
His courage in the face of adversity and his constant resistance to imperialism can never be forgotten.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List up to November, 2018.
Speaking about the progress made so far towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore Soil Health Cards have been distributed so far.
He said that "High Speed Corridors" will emerge as an area of growth with rapid pace in the future.
Dr. Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on the recent progress in bilateral relations between India and Bangladesh.
He said that navies from 50 countries participated in the International Fleet Review organized by the Indian Navy in 2016.
The next step in this movement should be to convert waste into a valuable product.
We salute the courage of the Indian Army and their invaluable services.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday evening reviewed the progress of the Namami Gange programme.
The tenth Guru of the Sikhs - Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for the people through his teachings and ideals.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will cater to the healthcare needs of the region.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
He recalled India's commitment to generate 175 GW of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
Our mantra is Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
The forts are a symbol of our heritage.
Together, we will build an India where youth and women will have ample opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
On this occasion, I thank all the officers and men of the Coast Guard for their service to the nation.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on topics such as women entrepreneurship and women empowerment.
The AMRUT Mission also covers 33 cities in Tamil Nadu.
He called on all countries to implement United Nations Security Council Resolution 1267.
The MoU was signed on 6th January 2017 in New Delhi.
The Prime Minister said that the government's campaign against black money is a bold and decisive step.
In search of peace from the stresses of modern life, people often start consuming drugs such as tobacco, alcohol, and even drugs.
The Prime Minister elaborated on how the Union Government is working for the welfare of farmers.
Today, ministers from many African countries are present among us.
Today, hundreds of poor patients are benefiting from this camp every month.
Highlighting the importance of healthcare and wellness, the Prime Minister said that health is the basis of all success and prosperity.
Action against corruption
The Prime Minister elaborated on how the Union Government has kept its focus on ensuring "Ease of Doing Business" as well as "Ease of Living for the citizens of the country."
The Prime Minister complimented the school students for their scientific abilities and encouraged them to come up with more such innovations.
Only recently did we proceed with the formalization of the law.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central quadrangle pillar, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by the Indian Army, Air Force, and Navy.
But the situation in most of the houses is that the umpires are more disturbed than the players.
At a public meeting in Ujire, the Prime Minister distributed RuPay cards to account holders under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for the devotees visiting Ardh Kumbh.
The Prime Minister said "this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifice of the people of our country for freedom."
The women beneficiaries narrated how SHGs have brought a positive change in their lives.
Even today, India is one of the largest troop senders among the various United Nations peacekeeping forces.
He said the central government attaches the highest importance to the development of eastern India.
The Prime Minister said that more people are paying taxes than ever before, as he is confident that their money is being put to good use for the welfare of the people.
Recently, our country's beloved poet Neeraj ji left us.
We support a common approach to ensuring peace and security and shaping the world order that reflects cultural and civilizational diversity and at the same time strengthens the unity of humankind.
The government and people of Japan have shown great affection for me and my country.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkar ji.
Every moment we get to learn something from saints, sages, sages, great men.
I congratulate Bilal Dar very much.
Independent India has sent a large number of UN peacekeepers all over the world.
Brothers and sisters, Today our country is full of food grains.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga, yoga is yoga.
Even our ancient texts emphasize the importance of personal hygiene.
He encouraged the jawans to do new things so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
Excellencies and I have discussed ways to shift our energy relationship in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
He said that the amount equal to the amount contributed by the beneficiary will be contributed by the Central Government.
"Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful test firing of Agni-V.
The Government of India, in collaboration with 5 state governments, made a successful effort to connect people for a clean Ganga in the past.
You can also be a big catalyst agent in increasing the country's tourism by using this time from the month of October to the month of March.
We are currently ranked sixth in honey production and exports.
I congratulate the people of Kochi in this proud moment.
India and Russia respect the establishment of a multi-polar world order in international relations as part of the natural and inevitable process of development of interstate relations in the 21st century.
The MoU was signed in April 2017.
Even hairstylists are deciding the hair designs of their clients.
In the same vein, F.S.S.A.I, Safe and Healthy Diet Habits is engaged in promoting good eating habits.
My dear countrymen, in 'Mann Ki Baat', All India Radio is also always adding new colours with its imagination.
He said that the airport has been made a part of the UDAN scheme to ensure that it becomes useful to the common man.
As strategic partners and maritime neighbours, the two leaders stressed the importance of strengthening security and defence cooperation between the two countries.
Our bilateral defence cooperation is based on strong mutual trust.
He said that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made Swachh Bharat Mission the world's largest mass movement.
Both sides stressed that the primary challenge in large parts of the world is to achieve rapid and environmentally sustainable economic growth, eradicate poverty, reduce inter-country and intra-country disparities, and provide basic healthcare.
If possible, we elders of the family also go out in the open and play with these children.
Social media is changing disaster response.
130 crore Indians will give a befitting reply to every such conspiracy, every such attack.
The Prime Minister assured them of India's full and constructive support in successfully discharging their new responsibilities.
The central government will support the steps taken by the state government.
He was a source of inspiration for activists like me.
He also informed that the Fair and Cash Price (FRP) of sugarcane for the sugar season of 2018-19 will also be announced.
The Prime Minister referred to the 'Jan Dhan Yojana' and said that the poor now have access to banking services.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister presented the event as an example of Indian traditions.
The Prime Minister began the virtual consecration of the statue by pressing the button.
If we are not able to manage this progress in planning and implementation, the human and economic losses from the disaster will be greater than before.
This is the vision shared by me, President Xi, and Prime Minister Li.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and personal support.
The objective of this approval is to ensure that doctors of Central Health Service (CHS) and other Ministries / Departments / Central Government Institutions work exclusively in areas of specialization on attaining the age of 62 years.
The Prime Minister said that these steps have greatly benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
It gives me special pleasure to welcome His Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the Honourable Ministers of Malaysia and Mauritius to this event.
The proposed bill will ensure greater transparency in the government's nomination of workers' representatives to tripartite faculties.
12. Training and research of food industry operators.
We have used technology to reach out to people.
When India is clean, healthy, only then will India prosper.
This will enable quality health services to be provided to the poor.
He said that the Central Government is determined to complete all its campaigns with the help of the people.
On the arrival of the first inter-country container ship at Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected to the Bay of Bengal by waterways.
It offers a panoramic view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir, and the Satpura and Vindhya mountain ranges.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of several development projects of the Government of India and the Government of Jharkhand, at a function in Sindri.
In the 'Swachhata Hi Seva' movement, we can see how much the electronic media of our country, the print media of our country can serve the country.
He recalled his address during Mann Ki Baat in 2017 in which he had appealed for holding artificial parliaments in districts.
Not only me, but the whole of India, and the whole of South Africa, is eager to hear the views of the President.
That is, in a way, a system is being created to connect the farm with any market in the country.
Shri Modi said that medicines are being available at Jan Aushadhi Kendras at 50-90% lower prices than the market rates.
My dear countrymen, on the coming 4th of November, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti.
The world's largest infrastructure to be ready in the next two decades will be in our region.
I especially thank you for your phone call.
She was a woman who could lead a comfortable life but remained engaged in the service of the poor.
Maternal, infant and neonatal health;
I look forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during the visit.
He changed the fate of not only himself but also of his region through organised efforts.
Our trees and forests have grown by one per cent in the last 2 years.
This is the hallmark of the credibility of your dynamic course and exam.
Sister Nivedita also cooperated with the great scientist Jagadish Chandra Basu.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister congratulated all those working for the memorial.
I hope that the success of the Commonwealth Games-2018 will inspire the youth towards sports and raise awareness about the importance of a healthy life for every individual.
During the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year, I experienced his gracious hospitality.
My dear countrymen, 'Mann Ki Baat' has been appreciated and criticized.
For example, under India's housing programme, a target has been set to build 10 million houses in urban areas.
As far as 2017-18 is concerned, 55 percent of the total expenditure of 64 thousand crore rupees i.e. about 35 thousand crore rupees has been spent on works like water conservation.
And ultimately there has to be greater international coordination to deal with disasters.
It is inspired by the teachings of truth of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
But knowledge is our best guide even today.
The Prime Minister said that if one does not absorb nature, nature reacts in the form of climate change.
This will go a long way in improving efficiency, he added.
And brothers and sisters, we cannot forget that the history of the country is incomplete without these great men.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed his best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
The establishment of the Chair on Paika Rebellion at Utkala University Bhubaneswar was announced.
The Prime Minister will reach Port Blair on the evening of 29 December.
He said that the Central Government has constructed five crore toilets in the last 3 years.
His singing will continue to attract people to Sufi music.
I congratulate the crores of people, especially the poor, who have benefited from this initiative.
The two leaders also agreed to jointly contribute to sustainable solutions to global challenges such as climate change, sustainable development and food security and others in a positive and constructive manner.
I assure that the Government of India is committed to extend all necessary support to the state's efforts in combating these diseases.
I am happy to inform that the State Government has declared 19th June as Reading Day.
The memorial also has 24 frescoes depicting various events and stories from the historic 1930 Salt March.
I would also like to express my gratitude to UNCTAD for taking this initiative of India forward with strength and playing an active role in bringing it to this form.
"We salute the bravehearts who laid down their lives during this dastardly attack on Parliament," the Prime Minister said.
We are also looking at various strategies for better waste management.
He said that it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
The Prime Minister said that new AIIMS are being set up to provide better access to healthcare.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of Rail Coach Factory Sonipat.
The successful launch of the South Asia Satellite marks its completion.
The Prime Minister distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
He told the Secretaries that we must come together to devise systems to meet global aspirations.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families ahead of the summit.
The holy month of Ramzan was celebrated with pious fervour in all distant places of worship.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the recipients of the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
I am told that during the last two years, Rs. 1.2 crores have been given to this foundation.
However, legal reforms can yield the desired results only if an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism is available.
We are proud to be the global host for World Environment Day 2018.
This app is also beneficial for traders.
India's development needs are vast and real.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India strives to ensure that food processed in India meets international standards.
Just a few days ago, India's brave daughter and farmer daughter Hima Das created history by winning the gold medal in the 400 meters race at the ongoing Junior U-20 World Athletics Championships in Finland.
Railways, roads, power have been our priority sectors.
Fourth, there is a need to invest in risk mapping globally.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Foreign Minister to India.
This movement should not be limited to just making people literate.
It aims to create a minimally mobile community and bring public transport closer to transit.
Since last month, he has started listening to 'Mann Ki Baat' in regional languages soon after my 'Mann Ki Baat' was completed.
He congratulated the people of Kashi for the warm welcome accorded to French President Emmanuel Macron.
Russia provided its support for India's membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Background
India will emerge as a global leader on the strength of cutting-edge technology and skilled manpower.
This will add immense strength to our strategic defence.
"We are very proud of our youth.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Union Government has focused all its attention on improving the quality of life of the people.
This will also increase mutual trust and trade.
Congratulations to our Junior Hockey Team on winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
My dear countrymen, today when we are discussing about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, and that too in 'Mann Ki Baat', I want to share with you an anecdote related to Netaji's life.
Our armed forces have always displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
His far-reaching policies with regard to various fields touched the lives of every citizen of India.
He underlined that the project was approved in January 2015 and is now available for use.
The country is moving in the right direction at every moment.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers' Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
It seems to be a question of life and death.
You all know that when we successfully put in orbit for the 'Mars Mission', the entire mission was for a period of 6 months.
Ajit Bajaj and his daughter Diya became the first Indian father-daughter duo to climb Everest.
We will facilitate the early start of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
He laid the foundation stone of the institute in April 2015.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the immense potential for cooperation between the two countries in the areas of energy security and food security.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means of growth and prosperity.
The Prime Minister said that the Chief Ministers of the states have played a major role in policy formulation through sub-groups and committees on issues like Swachh Bharat Mission, digital transactions, and skill development.
Referring to technology, the Prime Minister requested assistance in areas where technical applications involving high pressure and high temperature are considered relevant for commercial exploitation of natural gas.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
These mountains here automatically inspire yoga and Ayurveda.
"A warm welcome and best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup," the Prime Minister said.
He said that these noble deeds require close coordination and constant monitoring.
He said India is creating records in the startup sector on the strength of the talent of its youth.
The Prime Minister released the Mission Action Plan document for Narmada Pravah - Narmada River.
The Prime Minister stressed the need for an institutional mechanism that provides for excellence in sports jumps.
Along with this, it has also been approved to remove the name of this company from the list of the Registrar of Companies after adjusting the remaining liabilities of TSPL.
In addition to this network, various universities will be able to carry out specialized research work in these two areas on disaster issues, which will prove to be more relevant.
The project is also an example of eco-friendly development.
Of these, one million are associated with the diamond industry alone.
It was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
He was committed to eradicating injustice and inequality from society.
This Rudraksha will be a garland of affection from Japan for Varanasi.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome recent financial and banking challenges.
In August 2016, a strict set of rules were put in place to curb benami transactions.
In this event, apart from 13 medals, we won 3 more medals in the mix event.
In the interest of the country, when all the parties work together, the decisions are also good, quick, and the results are also good.
He said that in the same context, India has to make its place in the world.
His game has made us all proud.
We have set a target of ensuring capacity addition of 175 GW of renewable energy by 2022.
I look forward to participating in the centenary celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram.
At an event in Bhopal earlier this month, the Prime Minister had highlighted the humanitarian aspects in our brave jawans.
The dream of 'Ek Bharat-Shreshtha Bharat' is embedded in it.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a joint venture between the Government of India and the Government of Kerala.
He said that the new format of the conference has significantly improved the quality of discussions.
The event featured a mass recitation of Soundarya Lahari.
In a natural way, we all experience how things progress.
This month of October is the month to remember so many of our great men.
Today it is known as the commercial capital of Kerala.
However, in relation to these food parks, our goal is to connect the agro-processing cluster with the main production centre.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India have been centres of spread of social reform.
My dear countrymen, it has been a unique experience for me to connect with all of you through the 'Mann Ki Baat' programme.
We will strive tirelessly for our socio-economic upliftment in all possible ways.
Our goal is to build a relationship that reflects our shared priorities and creates a deeper connection between our people.
In Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul's state-of-the-art chocolate plant.
For me, Atal Ji's demise is a personal and irreparable loss.
Everyone should have dreams for the next Olympics.
Sometimes it also seems that we are not able to look at the exam from a proper perspective.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
It was Atal ji's unparalleled leadership that laid the foundation for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India of the 21st century.
In the same period, 11,641 additional habitations have been connected by roads.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
More than 100 public utility services have been made available to the citizens of the country through their mobile phones through the UMANG app.
All these projects present immense potential for Japanese industry.
Raising the issue of black money on the global stage
Our relations continue to be on an upward trajectory.
The Prime Minister said, "Rani Lakshmibai is an inspiration for every Indian.
It is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
The Prime Minister reiterated India's commitment to extend full support to Afghanistan in its efforts to build a peaceful, united, prosperous, inclusive and democratic Afghanistan.
He said that sanitation is a simple measure for preventive health care.
We are also partners in South Africa's skill development efforts.
In this way, national assets will be put to the best use in the national interest.
Communication between us has increased at every level.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am happy to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in the off-region areas under this project.
The Government and people of India are with you in this journey towards peace and prosperity.
India's ranking has improved due to our efforts towards ease of doing business.
This is why the acceptance of yoga is growing so rapidly around the world.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our jawans who laid down their lives to protect the country after independence.
Under the Integrated Horticulture Development Campaign, support will be provided to farmers for re-sowing of horticultural crops that have been damaged.
Citing the example of dairy cooperatives, he said that the cooperative movement has the potential to solve people's problems.
The projects reviewed today include construction of four new AIIMS in Delhi, Mumbai Industrial Corridor Mangalagiri in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyani in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh.
Referring to the vision to transform the health sector, the Prime Minister said that the vision of the government in this regard is to find solutions on a large scale, rather than being confined to just one area.
When I read Savarkar ji's' Maji Janmathe ', a book, it inspired me to visit the Cellular Jail.
His slogan of 'Jai Jawan Jai Kisan' is the hallmark of this towering personality of his.
My best wishes to the countrymen on the auspicious festival of Basant Panchami.
Arbitration proceedings will now be faster, as the Arbitration Act has been amended.
India is now moving towards a sweet revolution.
I am happy that for the first time, the beneficiaries are being given ownership of the lands on which the houses are being constructed.
Programmes like GST and stringent action on corruption have helped people do business honestly.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is essential for development today.
