He said that Shri Inamdar had incorporated this principle into his life and his life is a source of inspiration.
The Prime Minister answered various questions asked by the delegation members in detail.
Along with our UPI or United Payments Interface System, BHIM App and Rupee Card are also showing the real potential of the digital economy in India.
It is painful to see people suffering from disasters.
This will prove to be extremely important for both countries, taking into account the shared cultural heritage of both countries.
Germany is ranked 7th among the countries investing in India.
Yoga brings peace to the person's life by connecting mind, body and spirit in today's emergency and fast running life.
According to the World Bank and IMF, this pace will continue.
Defence and security cooperation
Most of the complaints are related to the poor service quality, connectivity and service blocking of the landline connections.
The Prime Minister took part in detailed and separate review meetings on flood situation in the states of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland throughout the day.
The government has set a target to expand the piped natural gas to a crore households in the next five years.
The Prime Minister said that'sweeping is our responsibility' and that this spirit needs to be developed in all of us.
Almost all the taxpayers in India will benefit greatly from this.
We have done a good job in the field of wildlife conservation.
Investors are looking for growth and strong economic stability.
This is in addition to the sum of Rs 100 crore announced by the Home Minister on 12 August 2018.
He said that the large sum of money that was stolen in these cases could be used for the welfare of the poor.
Every assistance is being provided to the state government to deal with this crisis.
One hundred and fifty crore citizens of India will welcome with new resolve, new spirit, new spirit, new dreams.
The demand for aviation fuel is expected to increase fourfold by 2040, as the aviation sector develops.
Our cooperation and coordination on many platforms such as BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA is very strong.
Space technology will be connected to the lives of our people in this sector.
17. Both sides welcomed the signing of the MoU between the National Corporation of Indian Small Industries and the Russian Small and Medium-sized Business Corporation.
I had the opportunity to attend a very special event recently.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
Therefore, a comprehensive rapid transport system is necessary to deal with the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
He said that the District Minerals Foundation will help the poor and tribal people in a broad way.
Recent trends indicate that Asian hubs like Hong Kong and Singapore have emerged as priority sites for mediation.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patangli Research Institute in Haridwar district.
It has given us the opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration authority.
Therefore, it is appropriate that there should be a Metro rail facility in Kochi.
He welcomed the celebration of the year 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
You must have been happy to hear that such a huge sale of khadi and handloom is being made in the same store.
He stressed that we, the people, should also act in accordance with the expectations that our guardian Constitution has set for us.
India contributes six per cent of global fish production.
I want to tell you all about the extremely positive results of this.
He said that the organisation of such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of convergence among our youth.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the first phase of Riverfront Development in Patna.
In such a positive atmosphere, amidst a series of positive events, today we are celebrating the festival of freedom.
Increased maternity leave is welcome provision.
These achievements have been achieved before some major reforms have been introduced.
He was appointed as a permanent judge in the Guwahati High Court on 28 February 2001.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the love he received in Kutch was unique.
A visual art museum has also been built in this revolution temple.
Our past is always woven with restraint.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore families will be provided health insurance of Rs 5 lakh per family every year.
The committee also appreciated the steps taken by the Prime Minister to eradicate corruption in the government system through demonetisation and anti-corruption measures.
Through dialogue, the farmers will have the opportunity to meet the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been achieved in this state thanks to various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, MUDRA Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Crop Insurance Yojana and Saufaghi.
He expressed hope that the medal winners will not lose their fame and awards in the glitz and will focus on excellence.
The establishment of this Joint Working Group will help in resolving the issue related to the terrorist attack.
Somnath has 20 thousand followers on social media.
Addressing the meeting, the Prime Minister said that work is going on at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has a home by 2022.
The people of Meghalaya have made a significant contribution to our country.
He said that the projects being inaugurated today are very good for the cooperative association.
Under this, more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance cover of more than 7,000 dollars per year.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew members on the success of the mission.
In this context, the Prime Minister drew attention to the International Solar Alliance and said that India and France are working together towards it.
Referring to the current Poshnan Month, the Prime Minister said that the pace of progress made during this campaign should not be reduced.
At the 23rd meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolving consumer complaints.
I am also looking forward to meeting with the leaders of nine other countries, including the BRICS, at the Emerging Markets and Developing Countries Dialogue on September 5 under the auspices of President Xi Jinping.
I am pleased to see a large number of energy ministers, heads of international organizations and chief executive officers from oil producing and consumer countries participating.
We are also pleased to share with you India's holistic healthcare traditions like Yoga and Ayurveda.
The theme of the IEF-16 is "The Future of Global Energy Security".
He said that our goal is to double the income of farmers and make their lives easier.
Earlier today, I announced direct flights of Air India from Colombo to Varanasi.
He reiterated the mantra of Shri Inamdar - No Sakarsa, No Co-operation.
He also said that several announcements have been made in the Budget to fulfill this objective.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights Policy.
He praised the Prime Minister as a great leader and a world leader.
Today, the government is using direct benefit transfer for 59 different schemes.
Our parents still emphasize on focusing on studies and academics.
Today, there was a detailed discussion between the President and myself.
I would like to urge once again that we continue and increase the campaign that Khadi has launched.
Many Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the first new Bhabhatron Precision Technology (Multi Leaf Collimator).
Just two days ago I wrote a letter to all the governments of the world, all the leaders of the world, regarding Yoga Day.
He also discussed several other projects including roads and Namami Ganges-related projects which were inaugurated or laid the foundation stone today.
He noted that this is the single greatest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region.
Due to the huge size and level of needs in India, there is a good chance that investors will get additional benefits.
Instead, it should seek to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
He said that better connectivity in the North-East will also connect the region to the economy of South-East Asia.
He said he is committed to providing affordable healthcare to the poor and middle class.
Thus, recognized trade unions will be responsible for maintaining industrial harmony.
In this context, he referred to the Diwali and Diwaliyapan Code.
After that, the Prime Minister will visit the Anzar.
And for this you people have to take tough steps too.
If the family in the family always refuses the child and expects the child in the neighborhood to respect it, it is not possible.
This will facilitate students interested in cinema from the North Eastern States.
If we practice Asana and Pranaayam regularly, we can also protect ourselves from many diseases.
India has climbed 42 places in the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business Report 2018 over the past three years and has entered the top 100 rankings.
Friends, this is the first conference of its kind in this part of the world.
He said that a powerful America would be beneficial to the whole world.
He said that the deep and mutually beneficial ties between India and Malaysia are based on shared values, interests and strong vibrant connections between the people of both countries.
He expressed hope that the government will soon achieve the goal of 100 per cent rural road connectivity.
It brings goodwill to the society by making families sensitive to society.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre will play an important role in spreading Dr. Ambedkar's vision and education.
Plastic is now becoming the biggest threat to humanity.
He also asked senior officials of the Union Government to review progress on a weekly basis.
Cyprus also gave it back warmly and amicably.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will also launch the air service between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
With a spirit of regional cooperation, India will soon launch the South Asia satellite.
The Prime Minister will pray before the Statue of Unity.
As a result, more and more Indians have had the opportunity to raise their national flag.
The main features of this tunnel are as follows:
The Jan-Dhan Revolution is a historic movement to bring the poor, the exploited and the disadvantaged into the financial mainstream.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Archaeological Survey of India has done a significant job in the last 150 years.
Nikki Haley also extended her best wishes to Prime Minister Modi on behalf of US President Trump during the meeting.
We are improving administration by increasing access to digital technology to improve distribution to the bottom of society.
The identified areas of mutual cooperation include safe and sustainable infrastructure and integrated water management.
Likewise, when you are strong as a country, you can also live in peace with all of you.
He said that for India, there is not only an industrial change but also a social change.
On the occasion, he congratulated the countrymen and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and development and its results will come soon.
I am looking at the large number of children who are also present.
It has become the world's main development engine.
He said that this will be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birthday in 2019.
And last year was also the silver anniversary of our diplomatic relations.
The Prime Minister said that by the efforts of the Government, India has emerged as a shining star of the global economy.
From this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Buddha, our brave peacekeepers have conveyed the message of peace and harmony to the world.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji's call, many young people from Andaman had dedicated themselves to India's freedom.
Uttarakhand has been the main centre of yoga for decades.
Two days later, we will celebrate the birth anniversary of Guru Nanak along with the devotee Bapu.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
He appealed to the States to take steps in this direction.
Such an opportunity has never come before in your life.
The good results are also coming to light.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased four times.
I hope that the industry will be in constant contact with them.
46. Together, we will build a India free from terrorism, communism and casteism.
I see immense opportunities for investors who have not yet been able to exploit them.
There is a natural respect for the army, security forces in our country.
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
The results are already visible.
His indomitable courage is a source of inspiration.
Atal Ji was a true patriot.
Shri Narendra Modi said during the dialogue that the Dinadayal Antyoday Yojana-National Rural Ajivikya Mission has been launched in all the states.
He said that this enthusiasm will bring about a positive change and create a sense of responsibility.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the steps being taken for Scheduled Castes and other backward classes.
Maharashtra, one of the largest states in the country, has also developed an effective scheme at its level.
When you read it, you will learn how today our youth try to change the life of the common man by using technology smartly and creatively.
It contains the original verses of the Bhagavad-gita including the vaccine.
This is the second bilateral visit of Prime Minister Modi to Germany.
Brothers and sisters, a big decision has been taken in this year's budget to give farmers fair prices of crops.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a huge fan of football.
From the water to the mountains, people welcomed the sun's rays in the morning through yoga.
He said that the Union Government has decided that the minimum support price (MSP) for all scheduled crops will be at least one and a half times the cost.
The MoU will create a framework and will help to increase scientific cooperation between R&D and academic institutions of India and Canada.
A new medical college will be opened between each 3 districts.
In fact, my personal relationship with the leadership, government, industry and people of Japan is almost a decade old.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
I was at the Agriculture-Unnati-Mele held in Delhi the other day.
These include:
He said all stakeholders involved in the health sector are working together to bring about a radical change in this sector.
• The cow is considered as our mother here.
He also mentioned the various measures taken by the Central Government against black money, including demonetisation of money, and the actions taken on corruption-linked elements in the last three years.
From the cause-list to the case-law, the lawyer's library is now one click away from your mobile.
The Japan Plus system has also helped in the cooperation process.
He appealed to the diaspora community to inspire at least five foreign families to visit India every year.
The same game is known by different names in different places.
If someone sends photos of the efforts of children, then there is a story of the team efforts of the youth.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today addressed the centenary of Patna University.
All major agencies like the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB) have projected India's growth rate to be 7 to 8 percent in the near future.
Youth affairs cooperation in the sectors involves the movement of youth, representatives of youth organizations and government officials in charge of youth policy makers to another country.
In Port Blair, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Martyrs' Column and visited the Cellular Jail.
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF) as well as many well-known agencies such as Moody's have also expressed their confidence in India's economic journey.
A list of 26 islands has been created for overall development.
It is one of the countries that achieved the highest growth rate in the Eurozone in 2016.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for providing technical and financial assistance for the project.
Yoga can be a strong pillar for the lifestyle of discipline and development.
Kochi was selected as a Smart City in January 2016 under the first round of the Challenge Process.
Ayushman Bharat Yojana will provide extensive investment opportunities in health-related infrastructure, construction of medical devices and health services.
The possibility of rapid growth gives a big responsibility to India's energy sector.
The Pika Rebellion was carried out in Odisha in 1817 against the British Raj.
This railway line will be the gateway to Tripura for South and South East Asia.
His incredible courage and patriotism have saved our country.
Starting a new business in India has now become easier than ever.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Energy Group.
After the project is started, the Customs Administration of both countries will commit to further implement it.
Indian soldiers have shown the world that when it comes to war, they are not behind anyone.
Last year was the birth centenary of Nelson Mandela.
In his message, he said that I am honouring the people's leader, J.P.
A pro-alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
The Prime Minister assured the athletes that the Government will provide them with all necessary assistance and facilities.
This time, Diwali celebration with security forces in the Gurez sector of Jammu and Kashmir has been unforgettable for me.
Friends, our shared cultural and trade heritage will be as strong in the future as the emotional ties between us will be strong.
It is also encouraging that joint talks should be held with the executive officers of India-Indonesia.
Due to demand and technology, the nature of jobs in our country is also undergoing a huge change.
The Prime Minister said that he had fulfilled his promise of One Rank One Pension for ex-servicemen and he was happy to be able to fulfil it.
We salute the will and determination of all individuals and organizations working to protect the environment.
18. It will be connected with the proposed National Health Defence Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
He popularized India's musical traditions on a global scale.
He said that Kashi is now emerging as a health centre.
The high-level review meeting was attended by the PMO, NITI Aayog and officials from other ministries.
The 182 metre high statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel will be dedicated to the nation at Kevdiya in Narmada district of Gujarat on his birthday.
He has shown that when a goal is set, encouragement is built and a resolution is made in the mind, it can be fulfilled.
The Prime Minister said that Yoga improves concentration.
The Prime Minister said that the emphasis is on rapidly working on better infrastructure and emotional connectivity for the entire North East region.
1. non-communicable diseases, including heart disease and cancer in children;
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Antonio Costa of Portugal visited the Champalimod Foundation in Lisbon today.
The whole year has been hard work, now the opportunity has come to tell, this should be a festival of euphoria.
He called for innovation in areas such as skills development and tourism.
I am happy that so many participants from India and abroad have taken the time to come here.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation to attend our first meeting of the Council as a full member.
All the best wishes and blessings to Hanya.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions so that commercial matters can be settled as soon as possible.
And what was the center of all these great men?
The world is also facing the twin challenges of terrorism and climate change.
The Prime Minister said he wanted to warn the nation that some elements are trying to put unfair pressure on the judiciary.
This has saved crores of rupees of the large consumer class associated with the poor and middle class.
On the contrary, if a person cleans the dirt around him, he gains energy, and he does not accept the present adverse conditions.
The aspirations of the people are being fulfilled at a record pace.
At this time, the expectations of the country, the feeling of doing something, are also natural.
Solar photovoltaic energy has become more economical than all other energy sources.
His visit is important for both countries as we celebrate a decade of our strategic partnership.
India is the third largest economy in terms of purchasing power parity (PPP).
Supply chain capability is crucial in any manufacturing enterprise.
My dear countrymen, the coming months are very important for the farmer brothers and sisters.
It is planned to get about 25 per cent of its total energy needs from renewable sources, especially solar energy.
He said that Amul is not only related to milk processing but also a brilliant model of empowerment.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and hard work of our farmers for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
It was the hero Savarkar who wrote fearlessly that what happened in 1857 was not an uprising but the first war of independence.
We have to take the individual with us, the people with us, every segment of society with us, and we have to move the country forward by taking this.
Peacekeeping operations are not easy.
I am happy that today this resolution is being fulfilled.
Shri Modi will unveil the plaque as a symbol of service for 3 billionth meal by the Akshay Patrika Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodhya Temple.
The law had been hanging for many years.
His passing was a great loss.
He appreciated his dedication to education and made it a life mantra.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on the occasion of their birth anniversary.
The exam you are going to give is the exam of what you have studied throughout the year.
The Prime Minister said that the work of social service should be a matter of pride for all.
I salute all those heroes with heart, respect.
The kind of affection, respect and sorrow that has been felt for Atal Ji across the country reflects his vast personality.
Security and Defence Cooperation has given a new dimension to our relations.
He said that the brand of Amul is known all over the world and it has become a source of inspiration all over the world.
The Understanding-Daswaswas was signed on 25th September 2018.
Accepting the congratulations of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed his happiness that they have come from all over the country to meet them.
Thirdly, the Prime Minister emphasized the participation of the private sector in gas distribution.
Your disappointment will turn into faith.
The Prime Minister appealed to the people to provide assistance in registering the unorganized sector workers working around.
But when I look at the impact of M. K. Bhatt, I am convinced that M. K. Bhatt is 100% united with the people of this country.
On the occasion, the Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lahatara.
But to have the opportunity to speak with you is a greater honour.
In society, sports are still considered a waste of time.
Our dear leader, former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ji, had clearly said that human rights are not a perennial concept for us.
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of the scheme for water supply through pipeline in rural areas of Bundelkhand region under the Government scheme to ensure clean drinking water supply for all.
He said that the result of these programmes has been that India has jumped 42 places in the ranking of ease of doing business in the last 4 years.
Today, 11 August is associated with an important date in history.
His calm attitude towards the game will certainly help the whole team.
On the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, 02 October, 2018, the Prime Minister's programmes will focus on cleanliness and renewable energy related events.
He also issued a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
For this, I thank the KIDANREN, JETRO and other organizations for helping us in this process.
Reading helps people to increase their thinking range.
It will facilitate effective institutional dialogue between India and Thailand.
I will also address the Indian community.
Swachh Bharat Mission is an initiative in this direction.
These are the reasons for our fight against black money.
The Union Government has decided to celebrate 07 March 2019 as the Jan Aushadhi Day across the country to raise awareness and promote the use of generic medicines.
He urged all the authorities to step up the adoption of Government e-Market (GIM) in their respective departments.
The number of new taxpayers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
I have shared a strong commitment with you to take our bilateral relations to a new level.
Now, almost three thousand small and large traders have got this privilege through the new special notified zones.
We are also working on reconstruction of Dal Lake.
It is a good opportunity for sports lovers to watch exciting matches.
Later, in 1945, when the freedom struggle took hold, he prepared a revised copy of that idea.
He said that women now have a great opportunity to earn additional income because the time spent in the kitchen has been reduced.
They also agreed to broaden their efforts to further develop existing connections through pre-established systems to create the largest possible platform for future relations.
The Prime Minister quoted writer Ram Vṛkṣ Bānepuri and poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to express the mood of the time.
Many people have written, sent letters, shared their fitness mantra  fit India stories on social media to show their support for this.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close cooperation in the areas of investment, urban development, civil aviation and skills development.
The alliance of Made in India and Made by Japan has already started working in a brilliant way.
He asked the Ministry of Urban Development to monitor this with sensitivity and actively.
He said that during the current fiscal year, the States have received more than Rs 11 lakh crore from the Centre, which shows an increase of about Rs 6 lakh crore compared to the last year of the previous government.
This payment was ensured to be made to the farmers through sugar mills.
I will be going to Haifa today to pay tribute to my brave soldiers.
All this will affect energy demand.
Speaking on the occasion, Shri Narendra Modi said that our minds are not ready to accept that Shri Vajpayee is no longer among us.
He expressed his happiness that the States are now hosting investor conferences.
We have developed an ambitious roadmap to make our comprehensive strategic partnership objective and action-oriented.
A legacy that has connected our society for generations and centuries.
We are introducing a Goods and Services Tax law to create an integrated national market.
Last year, the total sales of Khadi and handicrafts increased by almost 90 per cent.
Both sides reviewed the recent investments made by Indian companies in the field of diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
Together we will build a clean, healthy India that fulfills the dream of Swaraj.
The MoU aims to promote innovation, creativity and economic development in both countries.
It has the potential to create a better society and nation.
The society and the family need to pay attention to this.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar will boost the industrial development of Odisha and will work towards improving the standard of living of the general public in technology.
When works like the Encyclopedia of Hinduism are made available in different languages, our understanding and awareness of other traditions and cultures of the country are increased.
We should take the oath to free India from poverty, dirt, corruption, terrorism, casteism, communalism and to build a new India by 2022.
On the occasion of laying the foundation stone of Pakaldule Project, the Prime Minister said that today is a unique day when one hydroelectric project has been inaugurated and another project has been laid.
He said that farmers and scientists need to work together to transform agriculture.
In this context, real-time monitoring of the progress of nutrition results was discussed, especially in the worst performing districts.
The Prime Minister said that the freedom struggle was a popular movement because of Mahatma Gandhi's efforts.
The Prime Minister discussed Mahatma Gandhi's resolve towards cleanliness.
The Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Finland for environmental contribution.
Institutions also contributed a great deal to this.
The Prime Minister said that the people of Gujarat consider the day after Diwali to be the start of the new year.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the opening of a public housing project of 624 houses.
For this, the scope of legal education in India needs to be expanded.
May God give him the courage and strength to endure this irreparable loss.
On January 30, we all pay tribute to the martyrs who gave their lives for the country by maintaining a two-minute silence at 11 am.
I congratulate all those athletes who are coming back with medals.
Historically, temples have played a remarkable role in our society.
The Prime Minister said that the unique reputation gained in the past is not enough, but it is also extremely important to adapt ourselves to the emerging challenges.
These projects are related to various states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
He said that the statue will provide immense tourism opportunities.
Mahatma Gandhi's ideas have inspired the whole world.
He said that India is now the fastest growing major economy in the world.
The Prime Minister said that 1.5 lakh health and welfare centres are being built under Ayushman Bharat.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi addressed the nation on the 71st Independence Day today from the Red Fort.
Creating structured mechanisms for communication, sharing best practices, taking new initiatives for capacity building and launching joint campaigns are topics on which action can be taken taking into account mutual interests.
The signing of the Trade Measures Agreement today will further strengthen our trade partnership.
The exhibition has shown over a hundred good practices and imitations.
He gave the highest importance to education and social reform.
The Prime Minister said in a tweet that the Centre has assured the Bihar Government of all possible assistance to deal with the situation of floods and is closely monitoring the situation.
The government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 per cent to 25 per cent.
This is changing the supply perspective;
He also mentioned the benefits that will be ensured by the other development projects launched today.
Thousands of children painted.
Thank you, Nandri.
He unveiled a roadmap for the overall development of tribes during the next five years.
Brazil is one of our most important economic partners in Latin America.
The memories of working with Shri M. Vankaya Naidu in the party and government are full of memories.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Ravindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to step up with the progress of the world, but keep their Indianity.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that in the 21st century, youth will take India to new heights.
This has been possible because of close cooperation between the Central and State Governments as well as all political parties.
Given the global uncertainties, India needs energy security.
Addressing the crowd, the Prime Minister said that such progress fairs pave the way for a new India.
Referring to the achievements in the field of sanitation, the Prime Minister said that since 2014 the scope of clean areas has increased from 40 per cent to 80 per cent.
This will not only facilitate the movement of railways, but also help in the overall development of the Bundelkhand region.
Our security forces have been given full freedom.
The framework agreement was signed on 3 September 2016.
Since its establishment, more than 7 lakh poor patients have been benefited in just 100 days.
The Prime Minister will also observe an exhibition on technology and rural life.
The Prime Minister highlighted the Paris Climate Agreement as a shared world heritage and expressed hope that it will be a new beacon of hope for the next generation.
In birthland Patna, in karma land in North India and in the last moment of life in Nanded.
Team members presented a bat, a ball and a team jersey in the name of the Prime Minister, signed by the Prime Minister.
He outlined the benefits of the Swachh Bharat Mission in the health and tourism sector.
As a market economy, our needs and our power are complementary.
Don't let this chance go by the hand, friends.
His impressive performance in the semi-final will always be remembered.
My, I urge all of you to take part in this campaign.
Taking into account the importance of bilateral cooperation in the development of the pharma industry and bio-pharma industry in both countries and in the development of trade, production, R&D in the pharma sector, the two countries have been endeavouring to create a formal system for bilateral cooperation.
Under the comprehensive primary health service of Ayushman Bharat, we will provide prevention and treatment of diseases near people's homes at the primary level.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful example of this.
At this time, the whole country stands with the people of the North East.
To create world class universities in the field of education, we have taken a big step to break free from the bonds.
Three other terminals are under construction in Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
Somewhere there is a story of innovation in the field of sanitation or news of change in the field of an officer's passion.
Now, a significant positive change is also being seen in society in terms of digital transactions.
He said there is a strong need to prepare a proper blueprint at the district level so that we can understand our diverse talents and plan infrastructure accordingly.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate a part of the new Mejantha line of Delhi Metro on December 25.
Our goal is to provide every poor and homeless family with toilets, water and electricity facilities by 2022.
They are also taking a course in skill development.
India has shown tremendous resilience in the global economy, where uncertainty is continuing.
The Prime Minister of Mauritius, Shri Envind Jagannath, will be the chief guest of the 15th edition of the Prasvi Bharatiya Days Conference.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
This will end the nearly 24 years-long issue.
The whole world celebrates it as World Yoga Day.
It was also a feat done by our soldiers towards peace.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian economy has grown at a healthy rate of 7.7 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2017-18.
This time in the monsoon session, we have all come together to present an ideal.
The Prime Minister congratulated all those involved with this marvelous achievement.
The PM Relief Fund will provide assistance at the rate of Rs 2 lakh to each family of the deceased and Rs 50 thousand to the seriously injured person.
It takes years to decide a case.
The Air Force also responded to the enemy in 1965.
2. Support in the development of human resources and health services and establishment of health facilities
Earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
During the conversation, the female crew members gave a presentation based on their experience during the preparation, training and travel of various dimensions of the mission.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed the progress in India-China relations from a strategic and long-term perspective.
We are a democratic country full of diversity.
New laws have been made, old laws have been tightened.
The whole nation is saluting the unwavering courage of Meena Ji, wife of Prasanna Sahu, a martyr of Jagat Singh Pur of Odisha.
During the last three years, everyone has made their own efforts towards water conservation and water management.
The Prime Minister discussed his visit to the Sunayam Memorial - Wall of Lost Souls just before he arrived at the event.
7. Any other area of cooperation based on mutual decision.
Food processing is India's way of life.
He said that Mahatma Gandhi had merged the currents of public participation and public movement.
Talking with the beneficiaries and store owners in more than 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that the government has taken two major steps to ensure availability of high quality medicines at low prices.
He said that the youth of India is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights.
Continuous availability of water is crucial for agriculture.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Exhibition.
Perhaps, these things I have said today will also serve as a relaxation for you.
Energy efficiency is essential.
I commend all the people and organizations involved in building more toilets in different parts of the country.
The two leaders will attend a public ceremony on September 14 to mark the start of construction of India's fast-paced rail project, which runs between Ahmedabad and Mumbai.
More than 40 countries have also sent their official delegations.
In this context, I congratulate the F.S.S.A.I. on this initiative.
Similarly, the news of the passing of Sullaghitti Narasamma of Karnataka was received on December 25.
The Prime Minister will also interact with various stakeholders related to the mission.
I commend the Urban Development Ministry, led by Mr. Venkaiah, for the Value Capture Finance Policy Framework.
The Prime Minister said that the government's focus is on providing affordable healthcare system for the poor.
BHIM-AADHAR app has become a wonder for digital transactions in the world.
Immediately after Diwali, our country has witnessed a historic purification.
A small tea seller, today you will be surprised to know that education is shining in the lives of more than 70 children.
This money will be used for repair, maintenance and strengthening of roads, highways, bridges and other infrastructure.
He congratulated all those involved in the construction of this statue.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without any guarantee.
Indian youth have achieved distinction in this field thanks to their state-of-the-art and leek thinking.
The security insurance scheme has provided risk insurance to millions of people who are in dire need of it.
Today I got the opportunity to launch a new Chartered Accountancy Course curriculum.
It is playing a very big role for the gramoda.
The name of the selected bank will be issued as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro Rental Card & App.
The Prime Minister also said that these facilities will also attract tourists.
The Prime Minister visited the memorial in its entirety.
Singhli and Tamil were the official languages.
The Prime Minister said congratulations to Donald Trump on taking office as President of the United States.
The Prime Minister told the members of the USISPF board that India and the US have benefited considerably more from economic cooperation.
The Prime Minister expressed his deep condolences on behalf of himself and the people of India over the loss of lives and property caused by the recent earthquake and tsunami in Sulawesi Region of Indonesia.
He praised the people of the state for declaring Jammu and Kashmir openly free from public toilets in September 2018.
First, the size of the cabinet in the States was reduced to 15% of the total assembly seats.
School children associated with Atal Tinkering Labs shared their inventions with the Prime Minister.
India is moving forward in all these areas towards economic reform.
He called for all issues related to Iran's nuclear program to be resolved through peaceful means and dialogue.
He paid tribute to Mahatma Fule on his birth anniversary.
Addressing the audience on the occasion, the Prime Minister called the conference a new beginning in the direction of the public sector.
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of expanding the Amul Manufacturing facilities in Anand & Khatraj.
Another example of this is India's renewable energy programme.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi attended the press council of India's press conference on the occasion of National Press Day today.
The Prime Minister said that India will celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi from October 2.
It contributes to our energy security.
This will provide clean fuel (PNG) to homes, industries and commercial units.
Training for employment and self-employment is being given in order to fulfil the aspirations of young people for a better life.
India's economic interests can be better served by a considerable number of available arbitration experts and lawyers.
The presentation by the Chief Executive Officer of NITI Aayog highlighted that significant progress has been made in many areas.
The sale of cars manufactured in India by Japanese car manufacturers is already taking place in Japan.
Let us now join hands with a greater closeness and strength.
We look forward to continuing our partnership with other development partners including AIIB.
There, they will unveil a plaque as a sign of launch of certain facilities for visitors.
Let us move forward with positivity.
You're right.
You speak one of the oldest living classical languages in the world.
Bioliquids actually reduce the dependence of imports on crude oil.
The independence of the judiciary is a fundamental feature of the Indian Constitution.
Speaking to the media at Ahmedabad Airport, the Prime Minister said that Gujarat has experienced heavy rainfall in the last week.
Therefore, Make-in-India is stronger than ever for India and for the world supply.
Under this mission, up to Rs 5 lakh per year per family will be provided for admission to hospital in the second and third phases.
After a long wait, India has managed to improve its rating.
Who doesn't know the sense of adventure.
He said that the officials present at this conference today have provided the right leadership despite working in a negative environment.
Currently, India is the fastest growing major economy in the world.
India itself has been battling cross-border terrorism for decades.
And if we give children knowledge of nature, perhaps in protecting the environment, they can come forward and work.
He saw a significant place for youth in the nation-building sector.
A small nomadic community in the remote areas of the Nilgiri Plateau of South India has been displaced, traditionally their settlements are made from local resources.
We are a young country.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Jagannath examined the bilateral relationship between India and Mauritius from time to time and ensured their joint commitment to strengthening the unique ties.
We are in a time when diamonds are being used in glasses, watches and pens.
This number is expected to double in the next 10 years.
The energy intensity of economies will change with a focus on green energy and energy efficiency.
We have achieved more potential in the renewable energy sector than in traditional energy during 2017.
I thank Chief Minister Ramayya Ji and his entire government for the cooperation and efforts made to organize this programme and make it successful.
We are also working together on reforms of the UN Security Council.
The interest rate on these will also be lower as the guarantee costs are borne by the Central Government.
The Prime Minister has suggested that work be done on the electronic toll collection sector more rapidly.
And therefore, brothers and sisters, it is very important to build trust in the minds of the common man of the country by eliminating these distortions in our system.
India's per capita income has doubled in the last 10 years.
I am happy to visit this great country once again.
He said that only those who respect women can truly take pride in the words of the opening words of Swami Vivekananda's address to the brothers and sisters of America.
The Prime Minister said that the recently announced Ayushman Bharat Yojana will bring about a dramatic change in the health sector.
He urged children to study hard and develop an interest in sports.
I know how much damage any political party can do if an action against black money is taken to eliminate fake companies.
Bhatia Pardo welcomed the decision to open the office of the Far Eastern Agency in Mumbai.
India's test was successful and in a way, India had demonstrated its strength in the field of science and technology.
More than 90 per cent of approvals are obtained through the route itself.
14. Other areas of cooperation as per mutual decision.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate 50 health and wellness centres in Arunachal Pradesh.
I am confident that from a strong India and a strong Japan, stability will also come to Asia and the world.
From the perspective of a foreign investor, India is considered to be a low-risk political economy.
The Union Cabinet has given its prior-action approval for the signing of the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peaceful use of outer space under the chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi.
He said that the government is meeting special requirements to bring the North East region into line with other states of the country.
India has always been committed and dedicated to peace.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and happy country.
The Swiss Bank has reported that the deposits by Indians have reached the lowest level in the record so far.
5. Both countries called on all countries to reduce global tensions and to promote the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency and open cooperation in inter-state relations.
You have incorporated our culture into your own and made it your own.
Members of the Club of Chef's of the heads of nations from around the world met Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
The two countries signed 12 agreements.
Under this programme, about 10 million households have been provided with gas connections in just seven months.
The Prime Minister has also congratulated the people of Andhra Pradesh.
Shri Modi said that old notes of Rs. five solar and Rs. one thousand will be accepted for funeral services in government hospitals, government hospitals, pharmacies (with doctor's prescription), railway ticket booking windows, government buses, air ticket booking windows, petrol, diesel and gas stations of public sector oil companies, consumer cooperative stores authorized by the Central or State Government, milk booths, shrines and cemeteries authorized by the State Government, on humanitarian grounds.
I urge all of you to join in this celebration of mutual goodwill.
Friends, Inflation has also benefited the poor and middle class consumers from the inflationary measures.
In this context, the Prime Minister also discussed the initiatives taken in the field of air and water connectivity.
The passion for football in Portugal is quite deep.
This is a change.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in the implementation of the scheme for setting up new medical colleges attached to existing district/referral hospitals.
Later, he addressed a huge public gathering at a ceremony to dedicate the Kochi Metro to the nation.
We must empower this legacy.
India's biggest tax reform, GST, has been implemented recently.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the links between the two countries have gained considerable momentum in the last few years.
Whether it is relief and rescue operations or disaster management, our Air Warriors are grateful to the Air Force for their admirable work.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Pradhan Mantri National Health Security Mission.
If America is strong, India will naturally benefit from it.
In India, we are increasing connectivity at all levels.
The railway is likely to significantly reduce travel time by running between the two cities.
The procedures for obtaining clearance from various agencies have been simplified.
On the basis of a strong partnership, we support a flourishing bilateral trade and investment flow.
This shows our commitment to giving homes to the poor, middle class.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and India on Cooperation in the field of Agriculture and Food Industry.
Both sides reiterated that India and Russia, being a multicultural, multilingual and multi-religious society, have brought together civilized conscience to solve today's challenges.
It is estimated that there are more than two crore graduates of engineering and management in our country.
The founding conference of this alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
Dr. Abdul Kalam has been working for the dream of a developed India for the rest of his life.
The management of the remaining land will be carried out in accordance with the guidelines of the Department of Investment and Public Assets Management (DIPAM) and the Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) had started its operations related to financing in January 2016.
We have focused on removing the obstacles that were preventing us from reaching our full potential.
We are very happy to have this opportunity to increase our engagement with the Bank and its members.
India is also working on e-mobility.
The Prime Minister will release a document highlighting the achievements of the Government.
He appreciated the participation of cities in challenging projects.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything possible to help the states affected by cyclone storms.
Our festivals have a special focus on saving rivers and water.
47. Together we will build an India where there is no compromise with corruption and brahmanabhatia.
We will work towards a qualitative high level of military-to-military cooperation.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi shared the benefits of PM-SYM scheme.
The Maratha Navy was responsible for the safety of these ships.
Numerous conferences and symposia have been held on various topics.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investments in this sector.
I hope that these will continue to do exemplary work to prevent plastic pollution.
Temples were usually built on a vast plot away from the residential area.
Today it will be a joy for the Ganna farmers that our ethanol production has tripled.
Apart from farming, he can also earn money by selling electricity from solar farming.
Skill India aims to ensure that new people who are coming into the labour force have the necessary skills so that they can contribute to the economy of the 21st century.
I have always found meeting you guys very useful.
The Prime Minister said that our effort is to initiate development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
To leave the house for the first time, to leave the village, to leave the protective environment, you have to become your own sarthī.
The Bhagnini Nivedita Ji restored the pride of Indian culture.
We need to ensure that high standards of disaster safety are observed in their construction.
The Prime Minister mentioned the remarkable technological progress made by Israel and its long tradition of bravery and martyrdom.
An exhibition on state-of-the-art or future-oriented technologies and space exploration will be held which will present a suitable vision about the future of space travel.
Along with these, other changes have also attracted the attention of the global community.
Brothers and sisters, irrigation projects are moving forward.
For example, if a firefighter visits a school in his area every week, the schoolchildren will be very receptive to it throughout the year.
This new tradition of public participation for our country is our effort to advance the country through public participation.
In the next two months, we will all be busy in the election ghetto.
This shows that our young generation still has a passion for our heroes of our ancient heritage and history.
This reduces their productivity.
His life was dedicated to eliminating suffering and injustice from society.
With this launch, we have embarked on a journey to create the most advanced boundaries of our partnership.
He said that in this way, projects worth Rs 12 lakh crore have been accelerated.
Friends, Yoga has shown the world the path from illness to wellness.
I congratulate the Ecological Protection Organisation and its entire team and the citizens of Chandrampur.
Enterprises want assurance of the widespreadness of the law in the Indian market.
The bridge will significantly improve connectivity between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh and significantly reduce travel time.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to ending intermediaries and corruption.
Whether it is thousands of feet high mountains in the Himalayas or sunny desert, yoga is enriching every life in every circumstance.
1971 Bangladesh's freedom struggle who doesn't know.
It will provide the necessary momentum for enhancing bilateral trade and investment relations.
You celebrate Indian festivals in your own way.
The armed forces across the world know the importance of supply chains.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of maintaining the spirit of the cooperative movement, which he said is still largely sustained in rural areas.
But if something outside of what you had touched came, if something outside of what you had asked, then you would come down.
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce the distances between the two cities, but also bring people who live hundreds of kilometres away closer to each other.
The gem and jewellery sector employs 46 lakh people.
Shri Jo Yeu Le Drau gave details to Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on the current state of bilateral defence cooperation.
The two sides agreed to seek opportunities for joint cooperation in wildlife products including precious metals, minerals, natural resources, wood, through joint investment, production, processing and skilled labour.
Major financial agencies have also expressed their positive views on India's growth.
Many state and central level taxes have been abolished across India.
A new India is emerging.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya had united India through Vedas and Upanishads.
The Prime Minister directed the construction of rural roads and the efficient and strict monitoring of their quality.
Including Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Migi) in the order number 9 instead of Momba
The Prime Minister said that India should show its heritage, its pride and confidence to the world.
Best wishes for today's match.
His sacrifice inspired the people to share his hands in service works.
The growing co-operation between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the potential to give new momentum to the global economy.
For a healthy and happy humanity, it is our responsibility to develop an understanding of yoga.
My condolences are with his family and goodwill at this hour of grief.
All responsible persons in the government have been asked to focus on normalizing the banking system.
Overall, this will boost the social and economic activities of the state, creating new employment opportunities for the local people.
Gujarat has made a significant contribution to the history of the country, especially during the freedom movement.
He will attend the ceremonies on the occasion of one year of the state government.
This Bhagirath effort of cleanliness is a wonderful example of beauty, collectivity and sustainability.
He said that Swami Vivekananda also raised his voice against social evils.
I hope that this will help us to move forward.
This feeling of attachment to the country and love for the countrymen was rooted in the rags of that great man, from the small to the small.
More than Rs 800 crore of unnamed assets have been seized by the government.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on Monday reviewed the performance of key infrastructure sectors including petroleum and natural gas, electricity, renewable energy and housing.
The top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office informed the Prime Minister about various aspects of the scheme.
I congratulate Finance Minister Arun Jaitley for providing a good budget.
Former President of India, Shri Abdul Kalam Ji, always spoke of Nanaji Deshmukh's rural development when he spoke to young people.
New AIIMSs are being opened in various states to provide better treatment and health facilities to people across the country.
The Prime Minister appreciated how poor women have fought against all the opposite situations with confidence and resilience.
To this end, we have launched the Make in India campaign.
I am delighted that Bhupene Da has been honoured with the Bharat Ratna.
Over the last three years, about 150 lakh hectares of land have benefited from such water conservation and water management measures.
May the blessings of the great Himalayas be with you.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the Swachh Bharat campaign forward.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia also spoke of mass public awareness to ensure better income, better irrigation facilities for our farmers and to increase food and milk production.
As we have shown, we are still counted among the fastest growing economies in the world.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic crowd, the Prime Minister said that today he is experiencing himself how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
I first of all congratulate the newly elected Deputy Speaker, Shri Harishash Singh Ji, on behalf of the House and on my behalf.
He included almost all aspects of Hinduism in just 11 sections.
In a way, the whole of India received his blessing.
The Prime Minister said that a quarter of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector of a country.
He said that water is envisaged for every farm under the Pradhan Mantri Agri Sikhya Yojana.
The best of Atal Ji has been brought before the nation in the last few days.
I thanked all the parties that day.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
The scope of the MoU is the following areas of cooperation:
I urge you to join this initiative.
Both countries are contributing to creating a more connected and vast world together than ever before.
This will be the second visit of the Prime Minister to Solapur.
Both sides agreed to strengthen cultural and humanitarian ties under the SCO.
India and Cyprus have close economic relations.
Thanks to the vast energy of our country's youth, we are presenting India as a global manufacturing hub.
The people shared the troubles caused by the storm with the Prime Minister.
The external sector is still quite strong.
• It is the responsibility of every political party to identify such leaders amongst itself and to separate them from the political journey of their party.
He said the Quit India Movement started in 1942 was a decisive movement.
The Prime Minister said that a person must be bound up with nature and follow it, not merely by exploiting nature's resources.
As soon as the name of Shastri comes, an immense devotion is born in the minds of the people of India.
They want to assure you that the rules will not change overnight.
The OBC Commission had been demanding a constitutional place for years.
As a society, as a country, 30 January, 11 a.m. 2 minute tribute should be an easy act.
He mentioned several initiatives including the implementation of GST, the auctioning of natural resources, the improvement of the insurance and banking sector and the development of skills.
He also discussed his efforts to contribute to regional and global economic development.
This figure also shows how much enthusiasm, enthusiasm and trend Tamil Nadu's youth have towards self-employment.
I am saying that this is the 21st century of Asia.
The refusal to enforce a court decision can only be done in accordance with international practices.
These projects include the Western Dedicated Freight Corridor and the Char Dham Highway Development Project.
The Prime Minister recalled the role played by Indian troops in the liberation of Haifa during the First World War.
Significant progress has been made in rural areas under the Pradhan Mantri Housing Yojana.
This time again, Yoga has also set a world record.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
He said that now Varanasi is among the selected cities where cooking gas is being provided by pipes.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for peace with all.
The India-Japan trade delegation will arrive in India on the same day.
Last year, about three and a half crore people have taken advantage of this.
This work was continuous to create a sense of inferiority in us by lowering our culture.
There is always room for every positive change in our country.
He said that as a society, it is imperative to be connected with our history.
Even micro-plastics are now entering our basic foodstuffs like salt, bottled water and tap water.
Foreign investment in this sector has been invited.
I especially urge my young friends to participate in tomorrow's dialogue.
The Prime Minister met with the Chief Minister of the State, Shri Pinarayi Vijayan and officials of the State Government to review the situation arising from the flood.
He said that the Union and the State governments would be keen to make sports popular.
The Prime Minister and the members of the delegation exchanged views on bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
The Energy and Environmental Presentation included suggestions related to various energy sources and energy efficiency.
President Temer's visit provides an important opportunity to work in a planned manner.
The Prime Minister will then visit the Wall of Unity and inaugurate it.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
Look at how many times I have used the best, most brilliant words of this kind in the last few minutes.
I had not imagined myself this broad flow of spontaneous enthusiasm towards yoga.
This month, a 20-year-old daughter from Pune, Vedangi Kulkarni, has become the fastest Asian to circumnavigate the world on a bicycle.
Your contribution is widely appreciated in Sri Lanka and beyond.
Tourism will be added value only if we not only meet but try to understand it as a student.
He clarified that the government will ensure the availability of more seats in educational institutions so that students of other categories are not affected.
As a result, the competitiveness and impact of our marketing companies will increase.
The Prime Minister said that this honour is an honour of the people of India.
Bilal Dar, the age is small but it is an inspiration for everyone who is interested in sanitation.
We have started the Ujjwala Yojana with the provision of cooking gas to 50 million households.
They also agreed to continue efforts to develop clean energy-based systems, renewable energy and fuels, energy efficiency and pollution-free energy generation technologies.
The Agreement on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Affairs between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia shall be signed on behalf of the Government of India and shall ensure that the national legal expectations necessary for the implementation of this Agreement are met.
The Prime Minister also worshipped a special prayer under the Statue of Unity.
He said that the cooperative movement can play a key role in achieving these objectives.
Exchange by them
In this regard, the Union Government is also running the Sagarmala programme.
This game was played in almost every state.
My heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
Right now, there are 45 lakh self-help groups in rural India with the participation of about 5 crore women.
As the campaign is launched, people are invited to send letters and messages to the Armed Forces.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their business.
Together we will build a India where young people and women will have ample opportunities to realize their dreams.
Recently, 30 nanosatellites have been launched.
This time, the Golden Jubilee of the Press Council of India is also being celebrated.
The freedom struggle is more connected to the spirit of our people.
He said that Germany's innovation and Indian youth can provide momentum in the space sector.
b) A top post of the General Controller of Communications Accounts (CGCA) will also be constituted.
Responding to those who had raised the moans of the cleanliness campaign announcement from the Prime Minister's Red Fort, he said that today, due to the extensive implementation of the cleanliness campaign, 97 per cent of the population now have access to clean toilets.
People affected in disasters and after disasters are using social media to help each other.
He unveiled a logo for the launch of the 'Bachage of Mother Earth and Transfer to Next Generation' programme.
The United Arab Emirates is one of our most valuable partners and close friends in a significant part of the world.
Under that scheme, our fishermen will get loans, grants, subsidies from the government.
In fact, from Kanyakumari to Kashmir and from Kutch to Kamrup, from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, these three-four month exams are the exams.
In India, per capita plastic consumption is considerably lower than in many parts of the developed world.
The Prime Minister said, "I am saddened by the tragic incident in Ata district of Uttar Pradesh.
The Prime Minister called on these students to take concrete action in this direction to realize their vision.
I am very happy to be attending the opening ceremony of the Kochi Metro.
He successfully launched 104 satellites into space through a single rocket launch.
He also explained in detail how all government schemes and initiatives aim to empower the poor to fight poverty.
Today, India is the fastest growing major economy in the world.
Trade and investment relations between us are becoming more and more strong.
He helped in the publication and promotion of Basu's research through his articles and conferences.
Record growth in the last two and a half years
He will inaugurate various development projects in Kutch and lay the foundation stone.
Together we will build a India where there is no compromise with corruption and brother-in-lawism.
DD Arun Prabha Doddarshan will be the 24th channel to operate.
The Prime Minister said that sanitation is one of the most important aspects of healthcare.
The Prime Minister said that the culture of taking everyone along makes India different from all other countries.
Today's sunrise has brought a new consciousness, new vigor, new enthusiasm, new energy.
The project of the Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural cooperation between Kyoto City and Varanasi, Japan.
The first one is 100 per cent literate from the city and the first 100 per cent literate from the district of Kerala.
It is an occasion to worship Mother Durga.
Shri Narendra Modi said that he was fortunate to have the opportunity to do social work among the tribals in his youth.
I am confident that today's discussions and decisions will give a new direction and depth to our partnership.
To tax from 10 to 5 per cent is a bold decision.
The Prime Minister said that the two leaders also discussed ways to combat terrorism and extremism.
Strong personal contact and a wide Indian public presence in Canada provide a strong basis for these relations.
The Prime Minister agreed that a strong partnership can be conducive to innovation, economic growth, sustainable solutions and mutually beneficial trade and investment.
Prime Minister in Assam
Strategic decisions are taken not only in the military sector but also in the factories of the defence construction industries.
Do you not think that the movement of honesty needs to be strengthened for the good of the country?
I would also like to mention the hard work of the NDRF personnel.
The Prime Minister said that there is a lot of potential in the tourism sector and the world is eager to come to India.
India has strong strategic relations with all three countries.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the project of doubling the 425 km long railway line at Jhansi-Manickpur and Bhimasan-Khairar sections.
The award will be given to Shri Modi on a specified day by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation as agreed upon.
First of all, I express my deep condolences to the people who have died in the recent earthquake in Aceh.
Two minutes is also a moment of collective action, of resolve and of respect for the martyrs.
He said that India's water cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan.
This is not fair to our rich experience and abundantly available design talent.
The two sides expressed their commitment to continue mutual support and coordination on various platforms including BRICS and ITU.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
The presence of President Ramafosa as the chief guest on Republic Day tomorrow is a sign of our shared commitment to further strengthen our ties.
It may be revoked by one party after six months of written notice to the other party.
Both sides emphasized the importance of continuing multilateral dialogue on this topic in the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional forums.
Through Jan-Dhan Yojana, Social Security Yojana, मुद्रा and Stand-up India, we have given the wing to millions of aspirations.
During his tenure, the timing of the budget was changed.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences over the deaths in a bus accident in Mandalay, Karnataka.
This year, October 2 has another special significance.
Addressing a large crowd in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke about the high ambitions and willpower of New India.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpriet Kaur?
If the inflation rate had been increasing at the same rate as the previous government, the budget for the kitchen of the common man of the country would have been increased a lot.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from PM-Kisan Yojana.
The Russian side expressed interest that when the Indian Railways Ministry decides on projects to increase the speed of trains, Russia will want to participate in the international competitive bidding process.
He said that ordinary human beings and traders would certainly benefit from this innovative decision.
The Prime Minister will issue an Innovation and Start-up Policy for Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
The army has taken a pledge to completely destroy the terrorists and their allies.
He said that we also need to value living in harmony with nature and we should not think about short-term benefits.
The new year is bringing a new ray of promise, new achievements.
The mantra is that society can fight against the shadow of the blind.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
He expressed hope that all people will work together to complete this project in the shortest time.
But for me, coming to Def-Expo is my first chance.
He said that the Union Government's goal is to develop North East India as the gateway to South East Asia.
There is a huge need for roads, railways and waterways.
Three years ago you gave me the responsibility of the chief servant.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar's words that we should build our political democracy along with a social democracy.
Friends, in my view and in the vision of our government, the scope of consumer protection is very broad.
Minister of Energy, Saudi Arabia
This is a very big psychological battle.
India has also given many great players to hockey.
The leaders discussed regional and global issues.
His courage and his constant opposition to imperialism under unusual circumstances can never be forgotten.
The Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the term of the Commission till November 2018 to investigate the subject of sub-categorization of other backward classes in the Central List.
Talking about the progress made so far towards this resolution, the Prime Minister said that over 11 crore soil health cards have been distributed so far.
He said that high-speed corridors will emerge as a rapidly growing sector in the future.
Dr. Abdul Moamen briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in bilateral relations between India and Bangladesh.
He said that the Navies of 50 countries participated in the International Shipyard Fleet Review conducted by the Indian Navy in 2016.
The next step of this movement should be to transform waste into a valuable product.
We salute the courage and invaluable services of the Indian Army.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi reviewed the progress of the Namami Gange programme on Thursday evening.
Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth Guru of Sikhs, has been a source of inspiration to the people through his teachings and ideals.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will meet the healthcare needs of the region.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
He recalled India's commitment to generate 175 gigawatts of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
Our mantra is Swabka Swatha, Swabka Vikas.
Fortress is a symbol of our heritage.
45. Together, we will build a India where young people and women have ample opportunities to realize their dreams.
On this occasion, I thank all officers and soldiers of the Coast Guard for their service to the nation.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on topics such as women entrepreneurship and women empowerment.
Amrut Mission has also included 33 cities of Tamil Nadu (thirty-three cities).
He called on all countries to implement UN Security Council Resolution 1267.
The MoU was signed in New Delhi on 6 January 2017.
The Prime Minister said that the government's campaign against black money is a bold and decisive step.
In search of peace from the stress of modern life, people often start to consume tobacco, alcohol and even drugs etc.
The Prime Minister detailed how the Centre is working for the welfare of the farmers.
Today, there are ministers from many African countries among us.
Today, hundreds of poor patients are benefitting from this camp every month.
Discussing the importance of healthcare and health, the Prime Minister said that health is the basis of all kinds of success and prosperity.
On action against corruption
The Prime Minister explained how the Centre has been focusing on improving ease of doing business as well as ensuring ease of living for the citizens of the country.
The Prime Minister appreciated the schoolgirls for their scientific abilities and encouraged them to innovate.
We have just introduced the law in a manner that is lawful.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central quadrangular column, a eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by the Indian Army, Air Force and Navy.
But the situation in most houses is that more of the members of the House are in trouble than the members of the House.
In a public meeting held in Ujire, the Prime Minister distributed Rupee cards to account holders under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for the devotees who come to the semi-Kumbha.
The Prime Minister said that this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of our nation's people for freedom.
The women beneficiaries shared how self-help groups have brought about positive change in their lives.
Even today, India is one of the countries that sends the most troops to the various peacekeeping forces of the United Nations.
He said that the Central Government attaches great importance to the development of eastern India.
The Prime Minister said that more people are paying taxes than ever before because he is confident that his money is being used properly for the welfare of the people.
Last days, our dear poet Neeraj Ji left us.
We support a common approach to ensuring peace and security and shaping a world order that reflects cultural and civilized diversity and strengthens the unity of the human race.
The Japanese government and the people there have shown great affection for me and my country.
Today is the birth anniversary of Vir Savarkar Ji.
From saints, from sages, from Muṇis, from the Mahagāpuras, we get to learn something every moment.
I congratulate Bilal Dar very much.
Independent India has sent a large number of United Nations peacekeepers across the world.
Brothers and sisters, our country is full of food reserves today.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga.
Even in our ancient texts, the importance of personal hygiene has been emphasized.
He encouraged the youths to do new things so that their regular work and duties could become easier and safer.
His Highness and I have discussed ways to turn our energy relations into a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
He said that the amount of the amount given by the beneficiary in the contribution will be contributed by the Central Government.
Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful testing of the Agni-V.
The Government of India has recently made a successful effort to connect people for clean Ganga, for Ganga cleansing, with the cooperation of 5 state governments.
You too can be a big catalyst in boosting tourism in the country by using the time from October to March.
We are currently ranked 6th in honey production and export.
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
India and Russia respect the establishment of a multi-polar world order in international relations as part of the natural and indispensable process of developing interstate relations in the 21st century.
The MoU was signed in April 2017.
Even hair stylists are deciding the hair design of their customers.
In this connection, the FSSAI is engaged in promoting good eating habits.
My dear countrymen, in Man Ki Baat, the Aakhwani is always filling with new colors with its imagination.
He said that to ensure that it can be useful to the common man, the airport has been made part of the Udan Yojana.
As strategic partners and maritime neighbours, the two leaders stressed the importance of strengthening security and defence cooperation between the two countries.
Our bilateral defence cooperation is based on strong mutual trust.
He said that the Indians, inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, have made Swachh Bharat Mission the largest public movement in the world.
Both sides stressed that the primary challenge in large parts of the world is to achieve rapid and environmentally sustainable economic development, eradicate poverty, reduce inequality between countries and provide basic healthcare.
If possible, we should also go out and play with these children.
Social media is changing disaster response.
130 crore Hindusts will respond to every plot, every attack.
The Prime Minister assured him that India would provide full and constructive cooperation to him in the successful fulfilment of his new responsibilities.
The Union Government will support the steps taken by the State Government.
They were an inspiration to activists like me.
He also informed that the fair and cash value (FRP) of the Gannes for the Chinese season 2018-19 will also be announced.
The Prime Minister mentioned the Jan Dhan Yojana and said that access to banking services for the poor has now been ensured.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister presented the programme as an example of Indian traditions.
The Prime Minister launched the virtual dedication of the statue by pressing a button.
In terms of planning and implementation, if we do not manage this progress, the human and economic losses from the disaster will be greater than before.
This is the common vision of Mary, President Xi and Prime Minister Lee.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support on a personal level.
The purpose of this approval is to ensure that doctors of the Central Health Service (CHS) and other Ministries/Departments/Central Government institutions work in areas of expertise especially upon reaching the age of 62.
The Prime Minister said that these steps have benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
I am particularly pleased to welcome the Honourable Prime Minister of Portugal, Vice President of Suriname, Honorable Ministers of Malaysia and Mauritius to this event.
The proposed Bill will ensure that the government makes the enrolment of workers' representatives in tripartite institutions more transparent.
12. Training and research of food industry operators
We have used technology to reach people.
When India is clean, healthy, then India will also be prosperous.
This will enable quality health services to be provided to the poor.
He said that the Centre is committed to carrying out all its campaigns with the help of the people.
Speaking about the first inter-national container ship arriving in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected to the Bay of Bengal by waterway.
From here, a panoramic view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir and Satpura and Vindhya mountain ranges can be seen.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of several development projects of the Government of India and the Government of Jharkhand in a ceremony held in Sindri.
We can see in the Swachhata Hai Sava movement how much the electronic media of our country, the print media of our country can serve the country.
He recalled his address during the 2017 'Mann Ki Baat' in which he had appealed for the organisation of artificial parliaments in the districts.
Not only I, but the whole of India and South Africa are eager to hear the views of the President.
That is, in a way, such a system is being created to connect farms to any market in the country.
Shri Modi said that drugs are being available at 50 to 90 per cent lower prices than market rates in Jansadhsi Centres.
My dear countrymen, on November 4th, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak's birth anniversary.
The world's largest infrastructure to be built in the next two decades will be in our region.
I thank you especially for your phone.
She was a woman who could live a comfortable life but she was engaged in serving the poor.
4. Maternal, infant and newborn health;
I look forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during the visit.
He changed not only his own fortunes but also those of his region through organized efforts.
Our trees and forests have increased by one per cent in the last two years.
This is the identity of the credibility of your Dynamic Course and Exam.
Shagini Nivedita Ji also collaborated with the great scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who worked for the memorial.
I hope that the success of the Commonwealth Games 2018 will inspire young people towards the Games and raise awareness of the importance of healthy living for every person.
I experienced his wonderful hospitality during the BRICS summit in South Africa last year.
My dear countrymen, Man Ki Baat has been praised and criticized.
For example, under India's Housing Programme, 10 million houses are set to be built in urban areas.
In 2017-18, 55% of the total expenditure of Rs 64 thousand crore, i.e. about Rs 35 thousand crore, has been spent on water conservation.
And finally, more and more coordination at the international level has to be brought in to deal with disasters.
It is inspired by the truth teachings of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
But knowledge is still our best guide.
The Prime Minister said that if a person does not feed nature, nature expresses its response as climate change.
He said that this will greatly help in improving efficiency.
And brothers and sisters, we cannot forget that without these great men, the history of the country is incomplete.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi welcomed and wished all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
The establishment of a bench on the Pika Rebellion at Utkal Vishwabh Vishwabhanevar was announced.
The Prime Minister will arrive at Port Blair on the evening of December 29.
He said that the Union Government has built five crore toilets in the last 3 years.
His singing will continue to attract people to Sufi music.
I congratulate the millions of people, especially the poor, who have benefited from this initiative.
The two leaders also agreed to contribute jointly in a positive and constructive manner to the sustainable solution of global challenges such as climate change, sustainable development and food security and other challenges.
I assure you that the Government of India is committed to providing all necessary assistance to the efforts of the State in dealing with these diseases.
I am happy to announce that the State Government has declared 19 June as Reading Day.
The memorial also contains 24 murals depicting various events and stories of the historic 1930s salt journey.
I would also like to thank Ankdat who has taken this initiative of India forward with strength and played an active role in bringing it to this stage.
The Prime Minister said that we salute them for the bravery of the martyrs who gave their lives during this cowardly attack on Parliament.
We are also looking at various strategies for better waste management.
He said that it is our collective responsibility to save the Earth Mother.
The Prime Minister said that new AIIMS are being set up to improve access to healthcare for the people.
In a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque in connection with the laying of the foundation stone of the rail coach factory Sonipat.
The successful launch of South Asia satellite indicates its completion.
The Prime Minister distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
He said we should come together to create a system to meet global aspirations.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families ahead of the summit.
The holy month of Ramadan is celebrated with a holy spirit in all distant worship.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the recipients of the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
I have been informed that Rs 1.20 crore has been given to this foundation during the last two years.
However, legal reforms can only give the desired results when an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism is available.
We are proud to be the global host for World Environment Day 2018.
This app is also beneficial for traders.
India's development needs are vast and real.
The Indian Food Safety and Standards Authority is working to ensure that processed food prepared in India is in line with international standards.
Just a few days ago, India's brave daughter and farmer daughter Hima Das has made history by winning a gold medal in the 400m race at the Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championships in Finland.
Railways, roads, electricity have been our priority areas.
Fourthly, there is a need to invest in risk mapping globally.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Foreign Minister to India.
This movement should not be limited to literacy of the people.
The aim is to create a community that is at least functional and bring public transport closer to transit.
Since last month, he has started to hear 'Mary Khyber Pakhtunkhwa' in regional languages immediately after completion of the 'Mary Khyber Pakhtunkhwa'.
He congratulated the people of Kashi for warmly welcoming the French President Emmanuel Macron.
Russia has provided support on its behalf for India's membership in the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
The background
• India will emerge as a global leader in the field of cutting-edge technology and skilled human resources.
This will give great strength to our strategic defence.
The Prime Minister said, "We are very proud of our youth.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Centre has focused all its attention on improving the quality of life of the people.
This will also increase mutual trust and trade.
Congratulations to our junior hockey team on winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
My dear countrymen, today when we are discussing about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, and also about Man Ki Baat, I want to share with you an episode related to Netaji's life.
Our armed forces have always been a source of unique courage and valor.
His far-reaching policies in relation to various sectors touched the lives of every citizen of India.
He underlined that the project was approved in January 2015 and is now available for use.
The country is moving in the right direction at every moment.
The Prime Minister also met with representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
It seems like it's a life-death question.
You all know that when we successfully put the Mars mission into orbit, the entire mission was for a period of 6 months.
Ajit Bajaj and his daughter Dia became the first Indian father-daughter couple to climb Everest.
We will facilitate the early start of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
He laid the foundation stone of this institute in April 2015.
During the conversation, the Prime Minister highlighted the immense potential for cooperation in the field of energy security and food security between the two countries.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means of growth and prosperity.
The Prime Minister said that the Chief Ministers of the States have played a major role in policy-making through sub-groups and committees on issues such as Swachh Bharat Mission, Digital Transactions and Skill Development.
Referring to technology, the Prime Minister requested assistance in areas where high pressure and high temperature related technical applications are considered relevant for commercial exploitation of natural gas.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the Jalpaiguri Jamfaal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
These mountains here are the inspiration for Yoga and Ayurveda.
He said, "Welcome and wishes of all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup".
He said that close coordination and continuous monitoring is needed for these good works.
He said India is setting a record in the startup sector on the strength of its youth talent.
The Prime Minister released the Mission Action Scheme document for the Narmada flow  Narmada River.
The Prime Minister stressed the need for an institutional system that provides excellence in sports.
In addition, the name of this company has been cleared from the list of Company Registrars after adjustment of the remaining liabilities of TSPL.
Apart from this network, various universities will be able to carry out expertise in full research work in these two areas on disaster issues, which will prove more relevant.
This project is also an example of environmentally friendly development.
Of these, 10 lakh people are connected to the diamond industry.
This was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
He was committed to eliminating injustice and inequality from society.
This is a rostrum of affection from Japan to Varanasi.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome recent financial and banking challenges.
In August 2016, a strict rule was made to curb anonymous transactions.
In this event, we won 3 medals in mixed events besides 13 medals.
When all parties work together in the national interest, decisions are also good, decisions are quick, and results are also good.
He said that in this context, India must make its place in the world.
His sport has made us all proud.
We have set a target of increasing the capacity of 175 gigawatts of renewable energy by 2022.
I am looking forward to attend the centenary celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram.
Earlier this month, at an event held in Bhopal, the Prime Minister had highlighted the humanitarian aspects in our brave soldiers.
The dream of a better India is in this.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a 50:50 joint venture of the Government of India and the Government of Kerala.
He said that the new format of the conference has improved the quality of discussion.
The programme was a collective lesson of beauty waves.
In a simple way, we all experience how things move forward.
This October is a month to remember so many of our great men.
Today it is known as the commercial capital of Kerala.
Although, our goal in relation to these food parks is to connect the agricultural processing cluster to the main production centre.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India have been the centers of spreading social reforms.
My dear countrymen, it has been a unique experience for me to connect with all of you through the M. K. Bhatt programme.
We will work tirelessly to improve our socio-economic status in every possible way.
Our goal is to establish a relationship that reflects our common priorities and builds a deep bond between our people.
In Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities including the Amul Chocolate Plant.
For me, the passing of Atal Ji is a personal and irreparable loss.
Everyone should dream of the next Olympics.
Sometimes it seems that we do not see the exam in the proper perspective.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on land border crossing.
It was the unparalleled leadership of Atal Ji who laid the foundation for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India of the 21st century.
During the same period, 11,641 additional settlements have been connected to roads.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
Through the Umang app, more than 100 bio-utility services have been made available to the citizens of the country through their mobile phones.
All these projects have immense potential for Japanese industry.
Raising the issue of black money on the global stage
Our relations continue to move upwards.
The Prime Minister said that Rani Lakshmibai is an inspiration for every Indian.
It is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
The Prime Minister reiterated India's commitment to fully support Afghanistan in its efforts to build a peaceful, united, prosperous, inclusive and democratic Afghanistan.
He said that sanitation is a simple measure for preventive healthcare.
We are also partners in South Africa's skills development efforts.
This will enable the best use of national assets in the national interest.
The dialogue between us has been enhanced at every level.
To continue our commitment to this area, I am pleased to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in the extra-regional areas under this project.
The Government and people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and prosperity.
The fact that we have made our business easier has improved the ranking of India.
This is why the acceptance of yoga is increasing so rapidly around the world.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who gave their lives for the defense of the country after independence.
Under the Integrated Gardening Development Campaign, the farmers will be provided assistance for replanting the gardening crops that have been damaged.
Taking the example of dairy cooperatives, he said that the cooperative movement has the potential to solve people's problems.
The projects reviewed today include the construction of four new AIIMS in Delhi, Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Mangalugurhi in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyanni in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh.
Referring to the idea of bringing about a comprehensive change in the health sector, the Prime Minister said that the government's thinking about this is to find solutions at a broad scale rather than just confining itself to one area.
When Savarkar Ji was born, I read a book and it inspired me to visit the cellular prison.
His slogan of Jai जवान Jai Kisan is the identification of his personality.
I wish my countrymen the best on this holy festival of spring panchami.
Mediation proceedings will now be able to be expedited, as the Mediation Act has been amended.
India is now moving towards a sweet revolution.
I am happy that for the first time, the land on which houses are being built is being given to the beneficiaries.
The GST programmes and the tough action in corruption cases have helped people to do business honestly.
Shri Narendra Modi said that today connectivity is essential for development.
